dublin and bannockburn, illinois, january 11, 2016 /prnewswire/ --  combination creates leading global biotechnology company projected to deliver double-digit topline growth with over $20 billion in annual revenues by 2020   no. 1 platform in rare diseases expected to generate 65% of total annual revenues      multiple, durable billion-dollar franchises, each with best-in-class products     robust portfolio includes over 30 recent and planned product launches with $5 billion sales potential by 2020    efficient structure expected to yield annual operating cost synergies of over $500 million, with additionalrevenue synergies and a combined non-gaap effective tax rate of 16-17%     accretion to non-gaap diluted eps anticipated in 2017, the first full calendar year of ownership, and beyond    attractive roic expected to exceed shire's cost of capital in 2020    wayne t. hockmeyer,  baxalta's chairman, expected to become deputy chairman, and two additional directors to be included from the baxalta board       shire plc (lse: shp, nasdaq: shpg) and baxalta incorporated (nyse: bxlt) today announced that the boards of directors of both companies have reached an agreement under which shire will combine with baxalta. under the agreement, baxalta shareholders will receive $18.00 in cash and 0.1482 shire ads per baxalta share.  based on shire's closing ads price on january 8, 2016, this implies a total current value of $45.57 per baxalta share, representing an aggregate consideration of approximately $32 billion. the exchange ratio is based on shire's 30-day trading day volume weighted average ads price of $199.03 as of january 8, 2016, which implies a total value of $47.50 per baxalta share.  the value of the offer, as of shire's january 8, 2016 closing ads price, represents a premium of approximately 37.5% to baxalta's unaffected share price on august 3, 2015, the day prior to the public announcement of shire's initial offer for baxalta. this will provide baxalta shareholders with approximately 34% ownership in the combined company. the parties expect the transaction to close mid-2016.  shire chief executive officer flemming ornskov, m.d., m.p.h., commented:    "this proposed combination allows us to realize our vision of building the leading biotechnology company focused on rare diseases. together, we will have leadership positions in multiple, high-value franchises and become the clear partner of choice in rare diseases. our expanded portfolio and presence in more than 100 countries will drive our growth to over $20 billion in anticipated annual revenues by 2020. our due diligence has reinforced our belief in the combination, and we look forward to welcoming baxalta colleagues to a shared entrepreneurial, patient-driven culture."     susan kilsby, chairman of shire, commented:    "together, shire and baxalta create a platform for sustainable innovation, growth and value creation. shire is an experienced and disciplined acquirer with a track record of delivering shareholder value. stakeholders of both companies are expected to benefit from the enhanced growth prospects, superior operational scale and efficiency and the strong financial and organizational profile of the combined entity."  baxalta chief executive officer ludwig n. hantson, ph.d., commented:    "today's announcement marks a new path forward for our organization and is a testament to the significant progress we have made in achieving our strategic business priorities. this transaction presents a unique opportunity for baxalta shareholders, who will receive substantial immediate value as well as an ongoing stake in a combined global leader in rare diseases with strong growth prospects. we bring to shire a strong portfolio and pipeline of market-leading products, high-quality manufacturing capabilities and a talented global workforce that places patients at the center of everything we do. the combined organization will be well positioned to accelerate innovation and deliver enhanced value for all stakeholders."  wayne t. hockmeyer, ph.d., chairman of baxalta, commented:    "we launched baxalta to focus on purpose-driven performance, sustainable growth, and continuing our leadership in developing treatments for orphan and underserved diseases. while we have made great progress to date and have had a measurable impact across all our businesses, i look forward to joining the board of the combined company to help ensure that we infuse the best of both organizations and foster a new shared culture that has the resources, the passion, and the commitment to continue to make a meaningful difference in the lives of our patients and their families."  baxter international chairman and chief executive officer josé e. almeida commented:    "baxter fully supports the proposed combination of shire and baxalta, which will create a major biotechnology company and global leader in rare diseases. baxter is pleased to support this value enhancing transaction."  shire will host a conference call for investors and analysts today, january 11, 2016 at 1:30 p.m. gmt / 8:30 a.m. est / 5:30 a.m. pst. (details below)  combination creates the global leader in rare diseases with a sustainable platform for future innovation, growth and value creation    the combination of baxalta and shire will create the number one rare diseases platform in revenue and pipeline depth, with best-in-class products in each of the following growing, multi-billion-dollar franchises: hematology; immunology; neuroscience; lysosomal storage diseases; gastrointestinal / endocrine; and hereditary angioedema (hae).  the combined company will also possess a growing franchise in oncology, with approved products and innovative compounds in development, as well as a robust late-stage ophthalmics pipeline.  the combined portfolio will have an expanded range of therapeutic areas with more than 60 programs in development, including over 50 that will address rare diseases and the newly-approved baxalta products adynovate, vonvendi and obizur. shire anticipates more than 30 recent and planned product launches from the combined pipeline, contributing approximately $5 billion in annual revenues by 2020.  further, the combined company will benefit from expanded geographic reach across more than 100 countries, with a high-quality commercial organization and world-class manufacturing operations. through a balanced portfolio and expanded therapeutic expertise and capabilities, the combination will enhance revenue diversification and optionality for the business, while strong cash flows will increase financial and operational scale. in total, the proposed combination will create a sustainable platform for future innovation and growth, yielding projected near- and long-term value for shareholders.  leading franchises, each with best-in-class products and a foundation for sustained category leadership in rare diseases    the portfolio will include over 20 leading brands and a robust pipeline of expected new product launches with complementary positions across growing multi-billion-dollar franchises:    hematology     baxalta has a well-established hematology portfolio based on its heritage and legacy of leadership in hemophilia. baxalta offers a comprehensive portfolio of innovative therapeutics, including adynovate, antihemophilic factor (recombinant), pegylated, an extended circulating half-life recombinant factor viii (rfviii) treatment for hemophilia a which was recently approved in the us, and is focused on introducing new treatments for hemophilia and other rare chronic bleeding disorders to further reduce patient burdens    immunology     baxalta is contributing the broadest portfolio of immunoglobulin (ig) products in the industry, most notably the recently launched hyqvia, a next generation subcutaneous ig treatment for patients with primary immunodeficiency, as well as a pipeline of innovative products across a broad range of potential new indications    neuroscience     shire has over 20 years of experience in neuroscience with a strong, growing adhd franchise and pipeline, including a new vyvanse indication for adults with moderate-to-severe binge eating disorder    lysosomal storage diseases    shire brings industry-leading capabilities in the development and commercialization of a wide range of therapies for multiple rare and devastating genetic diseases including: vpriv for long-term enzyme replacement therapy (ert) for patients with type 1 gaucher disease; elaprase for patients with hunter syndrome (mucopolysaccharidosis ii, mps ii); and replagal for long-term ert in patients with a confirmed diagnosis of fabry disease    gastrointestinal / endocrine    shire's gastrointestinal / endocrine portfolio is built on the strength of its 5-asa products, lialda, for the treatment of mild to moderate ulcerative colitis, and pentasa, for the treatment of mildly to moderately active ulcerative colitis, and recent additions of gattex/revestive, for adults with short bowel syndrome who are dependent on parenteral support, and natpara, as an aunct to calcium and vitamin d to control hypocalcemia in patients with hypoparathyroidism    hae    shire brings hae leadership through its currently approved prophylactic and acute therapies, cinryze and firazyr, respectively,  and-pending completion of the dyax acquisition-a phase3, potentially transformative prophylactic therapy    ophthalmics     shire is focused on building franchise leadership in ophthalmology with the 2016 projected launch of lifitegrast, contingent upon regulatory approval, for dry eye disease; shp640 for infectious conjunctivitis entering phase3 trials in 2016, and shp607 for the treatment of retinopathy of prematurity, generating results from its phase2 trials which are expected in 2016    oncology    baxalta brings a growing oncology business and a broad platform that positions the combined company at the leading-edge of discovery and development of innovative therapies in hematological and other cancers. the portfolio includes oncaspar (pegaspargase), a marketed biologic treatment for acute lymphocytic leukemia, and late-stage, partnered products such as pacritinib, an investigational oral kinase inhibitor for the treatment of patients with myelofibrosis, and onivyde (irinotecan liposome injection) for the treatment of patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer      financial highlights    shire anticipates that it will realize more than $500 million in annual cost synergies (expected to be achieved within the first three years post-closing). these annual cost synergies will be achieved by increasing efficiencies, leveraging the scale of the combined business, aligning to shire's lean operating model and optimizing the combined r&d portfolio. further, shire expects to generate additional revenue synergies and a combined non-gaap effective tax rate of 16-17% by 2017. growth is expected to be accelerated by combining capabilities and establishing a global infrastructure that will include a "best of both" commercial model and a presence in over 100 global markets.  the transaction is expected to be accretive to non-gaap diluted eps in 2017, the first calendar year of ownership, and beyond. the combined company is expected to generate annual operating cash flow of $6.0 billion beginning in 2018, underpinning an attractive roic that will exceed shire's cost of capital in 2020.  shire has conducted additional tax due diligence, and based on this diligence, shire and its tax advisor have concluded that a merger with the proposed cash consideration of $18 per baxalta share will maintain the tax-free status of the baxalta spinoff from baxter.  shire has secured an $18 billion fully underwritten bank facility to finance the combination. the new bank facility has a one year life, with a one-year extension available at shire's option.  shire intends to refinance the bank facility through capital market debt issuances in due course. the financing of the transaction has been structured with the intention of maintaining an investment grade credit rating for the combined entity. shire is committed to de-levering rapidly post-close by deploying free cash flow to repay debt. shire is targeting a net debt to ebitda range of between 2.0x and 3.0x 12-18 months post-closing.  transaction details    under the agreement, baxalta shareholders will receive $18.00 in cash and 0.1482 shire ads per baxalta share.  based on shire's closing ads price on january 8, 2016, this implies a total current value of $45.57 per baxalta share, representing an aggregate consideration of approximately $32 billion. the exchange ratio is based on shire's 30-day trading day volume weighted average ads price of $199.03 as of january 8, 2016, which implies a total value of $47.50 per baxalta share.  the value of the offer as of shire's january 8, 2016 closing ads price represents a premium of approximately 37.5% to baxalta's unaffected share price on august 3, 2015, the day prior to the public announcement of shire's initial offer for baxalta. this will provide baxalta shareholders with approximately 34% ownership in the combined company.  closing     the transaction has been approved by the boards of directors of both shire and baxalta. closing of the transaction is subject to approval by baxalta and shire shareholders, certain regulatory approvals, redelivery of tax opinions delivered at signing and other customary closing conditions. the transaction is a class 1 transaction for shire for the purposes of the uk listing rules requiring the approval of shire shareholders. a shareholder circular, together with notice of the relevant shareholder meeting, will be distributed to shire shareholders in due course. the parties expect the transaction to close mid-2016.  live conference call for investors     shire's flemming ornskov, m.d., m.p.h., chief executive officer and jeff poulton, chief financial officer will host a conference call for investors and analysts today, january 11, 2016 at 8:30 a.m., eastern us time (1:30 p.m., greenwich mean time). they will be joined for the q&a by baxalta's ludwig hantson, ph.d., president and ceo, and brian goff, head of hematology, and mark enyedy, shire's head of corporate development.            uk dial in:                       0808 237 0030 or 020 3139 4830     us dial in:                       1 866 928 7517 or 1 718 873 9077     password/conf id:                 43211523#     live webcast:                      click here      url for international dial in     numbers:                           click here   about shire    shire enables people with life-altering conditions to lead better lives.  shire's strategy is to focus on developing and marketing innovative specialty medicines to meet significant unmet patient needs.  shire's focus is on providing treatments in rare diseases, neuroscience, gastrointestinal and internal medicine and we are developing treatments for symptomatic conditions treated by specialist physicians in other targeted therapeutic areas, such as ophthalmics.  http://www.shire.com  about baxalta    baxalta incorporated (nyse: bxlt) is a $6 billion global biopharmaceutical leader developing, manufacturing and commercializing therapies for orphan diseases and underserved conditions in hematology, oncology and immunology. driven by passion to make a meaningful impact on patients' lives, baxalta's broad and diverse pipeline includes biologics with novel mechanisms and advanced technology platforms such as gene therapy. the baxalta global innovation and r&d center is located in cambridge, massachusetts. launched in 2015 following separation from baxter international, baxalta's heritage in biopharmaceuticals spans decades. baxalta's therapies are available in more than 100 countries and it has advanced biological manufacturing operations across 12 facilities, including state-of-the-art recombinant production and plasma fractionation. headquartered in northern illinois, baxalta employs 16,000 employees worldwide.  the total assets of baxalta as at 31 december 2014 amounted to us$8.8 billion. for the year ended 31 december 2014, gaap pre-tax income from continuing operations amounted to us$1.5 billion and austed pro forma ebitda amounted to us$2.2 billion.  the total assets of baxalta as at 30 september 2015 amounted to us$12.9 billion.  for the nine months ended 30 september 2015, gaap pre-tax income from continuing operations amounted to us$1.1 billion and austed pro forma ebitda amounted to us$1.6 billion.   austed pro forma ebitda for the year ended 31 december 2014 represents gaap pre-tax income from continuing operations excluding depreciation and amortization expense of us$206 million and other expense of us$104 million, and as austed for other special items and pro forma austments (related to the separation from baxter) totaling us$363 million.  austed pro forma ebitda for the nine months ended 30 september 2015 represents gaap pre-tax income from continuing operations excluding depreciation and amortization expense of us$187 million, interest expense of us$26 million and other income of us$87 million, and as austed for other special items and pro forma austments (related to the separation from baxter) totaling us$376 million.  refer to baxalta's earnings press releases that have been furnished as exhibit 99.1 to baxalta's current report on form 8-k filed with the sec on both july 30, 2015 and october 29, 2015 for additional information.  http://www.baxalta.com  advisors    evercore, morgan stanley, barclays and deutsche bank are acting as financial advisors to shire. goldman sachs and citi are acting as financial advisors to baxalta. ropes & gray, cravath, swaine, & moore and slaughter and may are acting as legal advisors to shire. kirkland & ellis is acting as transaction counsel and jones day is acting as regulatory counsel to baxalta.  morgan stanley and barclays are also providing financing for the transaction.  evercore partners international llp ("evercore"), which is authorized and regulated by the financial conduct authority in the united kingdom, is acting as financial advisor to shire in connection with the combination and/or the matters referred to in this announcement and no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement and will not be responsible to anyone other than shire for providing the protections afforded to clients of evercore or for providing advice in relation to the contents of this announcement or any other matters referred to herein.  morgan stanley & co. international plc ("morgan stanley"), which is authorized by the prudential regulation authority and regulated by the financial conduct authority and the prudential regulation authority in the united kingdom, is acting as financial advisor to shire and no one else in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement. in connection with such matters, morgan stanley, its affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents will not regard any other person as their client, nor will they be responsible to any other person other than shire for providing the protections afforded to their clients or for providing advice in connection with the contents of this announcement or any other matter referred to herein.  barclays, which is authorised by the prudential regulation authority and regulated by the financial conduct authority and the prudential regulation authority, is acting exclusively for shire and no one else in connection with the combination and will not be responsible to anyone other than shire for providing the protections afforded to its clients or for providing advice in relation to the combination or in relation to the contents of this announcement or any transaction or any other matters referred to herein.  deutsche bank ag is authorized under german banking law (competent authority: european central bank) and, in the united kingdom, by the prudential regulation authority. it is subject to supervision by the european central bank and by bafin, germany's federal financial supervisory authority, and is subject to limited regulation in the united kingdom by the prudential regulation authority and financial conduct authority. details about the extent of its authorization and regulation by the prudential regulation authority, and regulation by the financial conduct authority are available on request. deutsche bank ag, acting through its london branch ("db"), is acting as a corporate broker to shire plc and no other person in connection with the matters referred to in this announcement. db will not be responsible to any person other than shire plc for providing any of the protections afforded to clients of db, nor for providing any advice in relation to the matters referred to herein. without limiting a person's liability for fraud, neither db nor any of its subsidiary undertakings, branches or affiliates nor any of its or their respective directors, officers, representatives, employees, advisors or agents owes or accepts any duty, liability or responsibility whatsoever (whether direct or indirect, whether in contract, in tort, under statute or otherwise) to any person who is not a client of db in connection with this announcement, any statement contained herein or otherwise.  forward-looking statements    statements included herein that are not historical facts, including without limitation statements concerning our proposed business combination with baxalta incorporated ("baxalta") and the timing and financial and strategic benefits thereof, our 20x20 ambition that targets $20 billion in combined product sales by 2020, as well as other targets for future financial results, capital structure, performance and sustainability of the combined company, the combined company's future strategy, plans, objectives, expectations and intentions, the anticipated timing of clinical trials and approvals for, and the commercial potential of, inline or pipeline products are forward-looking statements. such forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties and are subject to change at any time. in the event such risks or uncertainties materialize, shire's results could be materially adversely affected. the risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following:  the proposed combination with baxalta may not be completed due to a failure to satisfy certain closing conditions, including any shareholder or regulatory approvals or the receipt of applicable tax opinions;  the businesses may not be integrated successfully, such integration may be more difficult, time-consuming or costly than expected, or the expected benefits of the transaction may not be realized;  disruption from the proposed transaction may make it more difficult to conduct business as usual or maintain relationships with patients, physicians, employees or suppliers;  the combined company may not achieve some or all of the anticipated benefits of baxalta's spin-off from baxter international, inc. ("baxter") and the proposed transaction may have an adverse impact on baxalta's existing arrangements with baxter, including those related to transition, manufacturing and supply services and tax matters;  the failure to achieve the strategic objectives with respect to the proposed combination with baxalta may adversely affect the combined company's financial condition and results of operations;  shire may not complete its proposed acquisition of dyax corp. ("dyax") due to the occurrence of an event, change or other circumstances that gives rise to the termination of the relevant merger agreement or the failure to satisfy certain closing conditions, including the dyax shareholder approval;  products and product candidates may not achieve commercial success;  product sales from adderall xr and intuniv are subject to generic competition;  the failure to obtain and maintain reimbursement, or an adequate level of reimbursement, by third-party payers in a timely manner for the combined company's products may affect future revenues, financial condition and results of operations, particularly if there is pressure on pricing of products to treat rare diseases;  supply chain or manufacturing disruptions may result in declines in revenue for affected products and commercial traction from competitors; regulatory actions associated with product approvals or changes to manufacturing sites, ingredients or manufacturing processes could lead to significant delays, an increase in operating costs, lost product sales, an interruption of research activities or the delay of new product launches;  the successful development of products in various stages of research and development is highly uncertain and requires significant expenditures and time, and there is no guarantee that these products will receive regulatory approval;  the actions of certain customers could affect the combined company's ability to sell or market products profitably, and fluctuations in buying or distribution patterns by such customers can adversely affect the combined company's revenues, financial condition or results of operations;  investigations or enforcement action by regulatory authorities or law enforcement agencies relating to the combined company's activities in the highly regulated markets in which it operates may result in significant legal costs and the payment of substantial compensation or fines;  adverse outcomes in legal matters and other disputes, including the combined company's ability to enforce and defend patents and other intellectual property rights required for its business, could have a material adverse effect on the combined company's revenues, financial condition or results of operations;  shire is undergoing a corporate reorganization and was the subject of an unsuccessful acquisition proposal and the consequent uncertainty could adversely affect the combined company's ability to attract and/or retain the highly skilled personnel needed to meet its strategic objectives;  failure to achieve the strategic objectives with respect to shire's acquisition of nps pharmaceuticals inc. or dyax may adversely affect the combined company's financial condition and results of operations;  the combined company will be dependent on information technology and its systems and infrastructure face certain risks, including from service disruptions, the loss of sensitive or confidential information, cyber-attacks and other security breaches or data leakages that could have a material adverse effect on the combined company's revenues, financial condition or results of operations;  the combined company may be unable to retain and hire key personnel and/or maintain its relationships with customers, suppliers and other business partners;  difficulties in integrating dyax or baxalta into shire may lead to the combined company not being able to realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements, synergies or other benefits at the time anticipated or at all; and  other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in shire's,  dyax's or baxalta's filings with the securities and exchange commission ("sec"), including those risks outlined in baxalta's current registration statement on form s-1, as amended, and in "item 1a: risk factors" in shire's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2014.    all forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof. except to the extent otherwise required by applicable law, we do not undertake any obligation to republish revised forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.  additional information    this communication does not constitute an offer to buy or solicitation of any offer to sell securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval. it does not constitute a prospectus or prospectus equivalent document. this communication relates to the proposed business combination between shire and baxalta. the proposed combination will be submitted to shire's and baxalta's shareholders for their consideration and approval. in connection with the proposed combination, shire and baxalta will file relevant materials with (i) the sec, including a shire registration statement on form s-4 that will include a proxy statement of baxalta and a prospectus of shire, and (ii) the financial conduct authority (fca) in the uk, including a prospectus relating to shire ordinary shares to be issued in connection with the proposed combination and a circular to the shareholders of shire. baxalta will mail the proxy statement/prospectus to its shareholders and shire will mail the circular to its shareholders. this communication is not a substitute for the registration statement, proxy statement/prospectus, uk prospectus, circular or other document(s) that shire and/or baxalta may file with the sec or the fca in connection with the proposed transaction. investors and security holders of shire and baxalta are urged to read carefully the registration statement, proxy statement/prospectus and other documents filed with the sec and the uk prospectus and circular when they become available because they will contain important information about shire, baxalta and the proposed transaction. investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these documents (when they are available) and other related documents filed with the sec at the sec's web site at http://www.sec.gov. investors may request copies of the documents filed with the sec by shire  by directing a request to shire's investor relations department at shire plc, attention: investor relations, 300 shire way, lexington, ma 02421 or to shire's investor relations department at +1 484 595 2220 in the us and +44 1256 894157 in the uk or by email to investorrelations@shire.com.  investors may request copies of the documents filed with the sec by baxalta by directing a request to mary kay ladone atmary.kay.ladone@baxalta.com or (224) 948-3371. 
 tdk corporation to acquire hutchinson technology inc.   hutchinson technology shareholders to receive up to us$4.00 in cash per share   tokyo and hutchinson, minn., nov. 2, 2015 (globe newswire) -- tdk corporation ("tdk") and hutchinson technology incorporated (nasdaq:htch) ("hti") today jointly announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which tdk will acquire all of the outstanding shares of common stock of hti for base consideration of us$3.62 per share, plus additional consideration of up to us$0.38 per share, depending on the level of cash (subject to certain austments) less any outstanding borrowings on hti's revolving line of credit ("net cash") held by hti as of the last day of the fiscal month immediately preceding the closing date. the amount of additional consideration, if any, will equal approximately us$0.01 per share for each us$500,000 of hti's net cash over us$17.5 million as of the measurement date. as of september 27, 2015, hti's net cash position was approximately us$40 million. in addition to the satisfaction of hti's outstanding debt, the merger values hti's equity at approximately $126 million to $140 million on a fully diluted basis.   takehiro kamigama, president and chief executive officer of tdk said, "tdk and hutchinson technology have shared a long history in the disk drive industry, and i am very pleased that we can announce this agreement.  hti's expertise and capabilities in design, development, and manufacturing of high precision components and assemblies will be a great addition to the tdk organization."   rick penn, president and chief executive officer of hti, said, "this transaction represents a compelling opportunity for hutchinson technology shareholders, employees, customers and suppliers.  by combining the market position, resources and scale of tdk with our precision component manufacturing capabilities, we can ensure that our customers have access to the advanced technology they need.  we are pleased to become part of tdk, a premier company in the electronics industry."   the transaction, which has been unanimously approved by each company's board of directors, is currently expected to close in the first calendar quarter of 2016, subject to hti shareholders' approval, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. hti's board of directors recommends that shareholders vote to approve the transaction.   for this transaction, janes capital partners is acting as financial advisor to tdk and nixon peabody llp is acting as tdk's legal counsel. bofa merrill lynch is acting as financial advisor to hti and faegre baker daniels llp is acting as hti's legal counsel.   about tdk corporation   tdk corporation is a leading electronics company based in tokyo, japan. it was established in 1935 to commercialize ferrite, a key material in electronic and magnetic products.  tdk's portfolio includes electronic components, modules and systems marketed under the product brands tdk and epcos, power supplies, magnetic application products as well as energy devices, flash memory application devices, and others.  tdk focuses on demanding markets in the areas of information and communication technology and consumer, automotive and industrial electronics.  the company has a network of design and manufacturing locations and sales offices in asia, europe, and in north and south america.  in fiscal 2015, tdk posted total sales of us$9.0 billion and employed about 88,000 people worldwide.   about hutchinson technology incorporated   hutchinson technology is a global supplier of critical precision component technologies. as a key supplier of suspension assemblies for disk drives, hti helps customers improve overall disk drive performance and meet the demands of an ever-expanding digital universe. through its new business development initiatives, hti focuses on leveraging its unique precision manufacturing capabilities in new markets to improve product performance, reduce size, lower cost, and reduce time to market.   notice to investors   in connection with the proposed merger, hti intends to file relevant materials with the united states securities and exchange commission (the "sec"), including a preliminary proxy statement on schedule 14a. following the filing of the definitive proxy statement with the sec, hti will mail the definitive proxy statement and a proxy card to each shareholder entitled to vote at the special meeting relating to the proposed merger. shareholders are urged to carefully read these materials in their entirety (including any amendments or supplements thereto) and any other relevant documents that hti will file with the sec when they become available because they will contain important information. the proxy statement and other relevant materials (when available), and any and all documents filed by hti with the sec, may also be obtained for free at the sec's website at www.sec.gov.   this document does not constitute a solicitation of proxy, an offer to purchase, or a solicitation of an offer to sellany securities. hti, its directors, executive officers, and certain employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of hti in connection with the proposed merger. information about the persons who may, under the rules of the sec, be considered to be participants in the solicitation of hti's shareholders in connection with the proposed merger, and any interest they have in the proposed merger, will be set forth in the definitive proxy statement when it is filed with the sec. additional information regarding these individuals is set forth in hti's proxy statement for its 2015 annual meeting of shareholders, which was filed with the sec on december 17, 2014, and its annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 28, 2014, which was filed with the sec on december 10, 2014. these documents may be obtained for free at the sec's website at www.sec.gov. 
beijing and des moines, iowa, nov. 9, 2015 /prnewswire/ -- anbang insurance group co., ltd. ("anbang" or "the company"), a leading global comprehensive insurance group based in beijing, china, and fidelity & guaranty life (nyse: fgl) ("fgl"), a leading provider of annuities and life insurance in the us, jointly announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement on november 8, 2015 pursuant to which anbang will acquire fgl for $26.80 per share.   the transaction will make anbang one of the largest insurers by market share in fixed indexed annuity products in the us it is expected that fgl's solid life and fixed indexed annuity platforms will enhance the growth of anbang's business while accelerating fgl's ability to further extend its policyholder base.  "anbang has always followed a client-centric philosophy. this transaction will bring value to the customers of both anbang and fgl," said the company in a statement. "anbang's deep presence in the asian insurance market has benefited from a deeply rooted rational investment decisions, long-term, value-driven and client-centric growth strategy, all founded in thorough analysis. the acquisition of fgl – a company with a positive operational track record, skilled management team and employee base, and strong long-term business potential – is consistent with anbang's investment strategy, which is focused on globalization."   "after conducting a review of strategic alternatives, we believe this is an excellent transaction that sets fgl on a good path for continued success," said chris littlefield, fgl's president & chief executive officer. "our expertise and ongoing commitment to independent agents and the indexed life and indexed annuity insurance markets, coupled with anbang's resources, will allow us to continue to grow our business and serve our customers.  in addition, with anbang's ownership, fgl will join a strong, diversified global company that has a long-term vision and investment horizon for life insurance. we look forward to continuing to provide our distribution partners with innovative solutions designed to protect their clients' families and retirement savings."  "fgl has built a strong and attractive business through the disciplined execution of its strategy," said omar asali, president and chief executive officer of hrg group, the majority owner of fgl.  "we are pleased to have supported fgl's successful growth and development since 2011, including positioning the company as a leader in the fixed indexed annuity market and executing fgl's initial public offering in 2013. fgl has been a terrific investment for us and we are happy that fgl has found an ideal new home with anbang.  we believe that this transaction fully reflects the value that has been created at fgl and we strongly support it."  pursuant to this agreement, anbang will acquire all of the outstanding shares of fidelity & guaranty life. stockholders of fgl will receive $26.80 per share in cash at closing. the transaction represents a 28.9% premium over $20.79 per share, fgl's unaffected closing stock price prior to the public announcement of the strategic review process on april 6, 2015.     subject to regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other customary closing conditions, the transaction is expected to close in the second quarter of 2016. following the execution of the merger agreement, hrg group, in its capacity as the majority stockholder of fgl, delivered to anbang a written consent approving and adopting the merger agreement.  about anbang insurance group    anbang insurance group co., ltd. is a leading insurance company based in beijing, china with a global network of over 30 million customers and more than 30,000 employees. in addition to being one of the leading comprehensive insurance groups in china, anbang's global business areas cover banking, life insurance, property and casualty insurance, health insurance, pensions, securities, financial leasing and asset management in the following regions: belgium, netherlands and south korea. customer base includes large enterprises, small and medium sized enterprises, retail and private banking clients. please visit www.anbanggroup.com/abic/english for more information.  about fidelity & guaranty life    fidelity & guaranty life, an insurance holding company, helps middle-income americans prepare for retirement. through its subsidiaries, fgl offers fixed indexed annuity and life insurance products distributed by independent agents through an established network of independent marketing organizations. fidelity & guaranty life, headquartered in des moines, iowa, trades on the new york stock exchange under the ticker symbol fgl. for more information, please visit www.fglife.com.  
   capital bank and communityone bancorp announce definitive merger agreement    -- expands capital bank's franchise in north carolina by 45 branches and       $2.4 billion in assets     -- estimated single-digit eps accretion in 2016 excluding merger charges and       double-digit in 2017 and thereafter   charlotte, n.c., nov. 23, 2015 (globe newswire) -- capital bank financial corp. (nasdaq:cbf) and communityone bancorp (nasdaq:cob) today jointly announced the execution of a definitive merger agreement, pursuant to which capital bank will acquire communityone. the combination will strengthen capital bank's franchise in north carolina, particularly in charlotte, as well as in greensboro/winston salem and the catawba/caldwell county area.   under the terms of the agreement, capital bank will acquire communityone by merger, with capital bank being the surviving corporation. in the merger, communityone shareholders shall have the right to receive, at the election of each holder and subject to proration, $14.25 per share in cash or 0.43 of a share of capital bank class a common stock, with the total consideration to consist of 85% stock and 15% cash. based on capital bank's closing price of $33.59 as of friday, november 20, 2015, the merger consideration is valued at approximately $350 million. capital bank intends to appoint bob reid and scott b. kauffman who are current communityone board members to the capital bank board of directors upon the completion of the transaction.   the transaction price is a multiple of 1.3x communityone's tangible book value as of september 30, 2015. capital bank estimates single-digit eps accretion in 2016 excluding merger charges and double digit accretion in 2017 and thereafter, which implies an estimated earn-back period of approximately 2.3 years.   the transaction has been unanimously approved by the board of directors of each company and is subject to capital bank and communityone shareholder and regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions and is expected to close in first quarter 2016.   capital bank's chairman and ceo, gene taylor, commented, "this combination creates a high-powered carolinas franchise while meeting the financial expectations of our shareholders. communityone brings us skilled employees, a complementary branch network, and high-quality loan and deposit relationships, and the transaction improves capital bank's returns. we applaud the excellent work of communityone's leadership in turning around one of the carolina's oldest franchises, and we welcome communityone employees to the capital bank team."   communityone's president and ceo bob reid added, "we are proud of what we have accomplished at communityone, returning a historic 100 year franchise to profitability and service to its communities and customers. the hard work of our employees over the past four years has put us in position to partner with one of the most exciting growth stories among southeast regional banks. by joining up with capital bank, we'll be able to do even more for our customers and communities."   capital bank cfo, chris marshall commented "communityone represents a great opportunity to expand into another highly attractive southeast market with enormous growth potential. the acquisition is priced right, and demonstrates our disciplined approach toward capital deployment and consistently improving shareholder returns."   evercore served as financial advisor to capital bank in this transaction and wachtell, lipton, rosen & katz served as legal counsel. sandler o'neill + partners lp and ubs securities, llc served as financial advisor to communityone, and arnold & porter llp served as legal counsel.   conference call   the company will host a conference call today at 10:00 a.m. eastern time. the number to call for this interactive teleconference is (719) 325-2454, and the confirmation pass code is 7499380. please dial in 10 minutes prior to the beginning of the call. a telephonic replay of the conference call will be available through december 2, 2015, by dialing (719) 457-0820 and entering pass code 7499380. the live broadcast of the conference call together with an investor presentation will be available online at the company's web site at www.capitalbank-us.com, by following the link to investor relations. an on-line replay of the call will be available at the same site for 90 days.   about capital bank financial corp.   capital bank financial corp. is a bank holding company, formed in 2009 to create a premier regional banking franchise in the southeastern united states. cbf is the parent of capital bank corp., a state of north carolina chartered financial institution with $7.3 billion in total assets as of september 30, 2015, and 153 full-service banking offices throughout florida, north and south carolina, tennessee and virginia. to learn more about capital bank corp., please visit www.capitalbank-us.com.   about communityone bancorp   communityone bancorp is the charlotte, north carolina-based bank holding company for communityone bank, n.a. founded in 1907 as first national bank of asheboro, communityone has grown into a $2.4 billion community bank, operating 45 full service banking branches throughout central, southern and western north carolina, and loan production offices in raleigh and winston-salem, north carolina and charleston, south carolina. to learn more about communityone bancorp, please visit www.community1.com 
  abbott to acquire alere, becoming leader in point of care testing and significantly advancing global diagnostics presence   abbott gains leadership in the $5.5 billion point of care segment, broadens diagnostics footprint and enhances access to fast-growing diagnostics channels   - transaction expected to be immediately accretive to abbott's ongoing earnings per share upon close   - acquisition will provide access to new product applications, channels and geographies   - alere's complementary technologies will help abbott provide better care for patients by meeting the growing demand for fast, accurate and actionable medical information   pr newswire   abbott park, ill. and waltham, mass., feb. 1, 2016   abbott park, ill. and waltham, mass., feb. 1, 2016 /prnewswire/ -- abbott (nyse: abt) and alere inc. (nyse: alr) announced today a definitive agreement for abbott to acquire alere, significantly advancing abbott's global diagnostics presence and leadership. under the terms of the agreement, abbott will pay $56 per common share at a total expected equity value of $5.8 billion. once the transaction is completed, abbott will become the leading diagnostics provider of point of care testing. abbott's total diagnostics sales will exceed $7 billion after the close.   abbott will be able to provide new, flexible, cost-effective, high-quality products to help health systems meet growing demand in both in-patient and out-patient settings. alere's complementary portfolio of products will provide abbott access to new channels and geographies, including entry into fast-growing outlets, such as doctors' offices, clinics, pharmacies and at-home testing.   "the combination of alere and abbott will create the world's premier point of care testing business and significantly strengthen and grow abbott's diagnostics presence," said miles d. white, chairman and chief executive officer, abbott. "we want to offer our customers the best and broadest diagnostics solutions. alere helps us do that."   upon completion of the transaction, the combined business will offer the broadest point of care menu of infectious disease, molecular, cardiometabolic and toxicology testing, expanding abbott's platforms to include benchtop and rapid strip tests. abbott will be able to better serve an expansive customer base around the world while also accelerating innovation in point of care diagnostics. more than half of alere's $2.5 billion in sales are in the us alere also has a growing presence in key international markets, where abbott's capabilities and infrastructure will drive accelerated growth of alere's portfolio.   "today's announcement marks an exciting and transformative milestone for alere and one that provides an immediate benefit for our stockholders," said namal nawana, president and chief executive officer, alere. "our leading platforms and global presence in point-of-care diagnostics, combined with abbott's broad portfolio of market-leading products, will accelerate our shared goal of improving patient care. i'd like to thank our global workforce of nearly 10,000 employees whose hard work and dedication has enabled alere to contribute to improved patient outcomes throughout the world."   financial   the transaction will be immediately accretive to abbott's ongoing earnings per share upon close and significantly accretive thereafter, with approximately 12-13 cents of accretion in 2017 and more than 20 cents in 2018.* the combination is anticipated to result in annual pre-tax synergies approaching $500 million by 2019 and increasing thereafter, including both sales and operational benefits.   under the terms of the agreement, alere shareholders will receive $56 per common share in cash at the completion of the transaction, and alere will become a subsidiary of abbott. alere's net debt, currently $2.6 billion, will be assumed or refinanced by abbott.   the transaction, which has been approved by the boards of directors of alere and abbott, is subject to the approval of alere shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including applicable regulatory approvals.   evercore is acting as financial advisor and kirkland & ellis llp is serving as legal counsel to abbott. jp morgan is acting as financial advisor and cravath, swaine & moore is serving as legal counsel to alere.   abbott conference call   abbott will conduct a special conference call today at 8 a.m. central time (9 a.m. eastern time) to provide an overview of the transaction. a live webcast will be accessible through abbott's investor relations website at www.abbottinvestor.com.   point of care testing   point of care testing helps improve outcomes and increase the speed of care by bringing the test results to the physician and patient's side in a matter of minutes. the demand for point of care testing is accelerating as health care providers and consumers look for better ways to get fast, accurate and actionable information to guide decision-making. in fact, point of care testing is a $5.5 billion segment and one of the fastest growing in vitro diagnostics segments, in part because many health care systems are increasing their reliance on these technologies to inform patient care decisions because of their ease of use, speed and accuracy.   about alere   headquartered in waltham, mass., alere is the global leader in point of care diagnostics with annual sales of $2.5 billion. alere delivered more than 1.4 billion tests at the point of care in 2015. its fast, easy-to-use and cost-effective tests are focused on the areas of infectious disease, molecular, cardiometabolic and toxicology. in addition to tests for infections such as hiv, tuberculosis, malaria and dengue that can benefit people in remote care settings, alere develops simple, rapid tests, including alere i, the first molecular clia-waived test for flu and strep, that delivers results in under 15 minutes.   about abbott's diagnostics business   abbott is a global leader in in vitro diagnostics offering a broad portfolio spanning immunoassay, clinical chemistry, hematology, blood screening, molecular and point of care. abbott's 2015 worldwide diagnostics sales were $4.6 billion in 2015, including $473 million from its point of care business. abbott's leading handheld device, i-stat, measures 26 analytes with two to three drops of blood and is used in more than one-third of all us hospitals and emergency rooms.   about abbott   abbott is a global healthcare company devoted to improving life through the development of products and technologies that span the breadth of healthcare. with a portfolio of leading, science-based offerings in diagnostics, medical devices, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals, abbott serves people in more than 150 countries and employs approximately 74,000 people.
february 8, 2016 11:59:00 utc cash offer of $9.50 per share all equity transaction supported by well-capitalized consortium will continue to invest in strategic transformation, enhancing student outcomes and career relevant education for working adults apollo education group, inc. (nasdaq: apol) today announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by a consortium of investors including the vistria group, llc, funds affiliated with apollo global management, llc (nyse: apo), and najafi companies for $9.50 per share in cash for both class a and b shares. the purchase price represents a premium of 30 percent over apollo education group’s 30-day volume weighted average stock price for the period ended feb. 5, 2016, and a 44 percent premium over the closing price on jan. 8, 2016, immediately prior to the announcement that the board of directors was pursuing strategic alternatives. tony miller, chief operating officer and partner of the vistria group and former deputy secretary of the us department of education, will become chairman of the apollo education group board upon transaction close.  “the apollo education group board of directors reviewed strategic alternatives and believes this transaction is in the best interest of all shareholders and strongly supports our transformation efforts,” said greg cappelli, chief executive officer of apollo education group. “this new structure will allow apollo education group the flexibility and runway it needs to complete the transformational plan at university of phoenix, which will enable us to serve our students more effectively during a period of unprecedented volatility within our industry. we will also continue to expand our international operations and remain committed to driving principles of operating excellence.”  “we are excited by the opportunity to build on the transformational work being done by the company,” said miller. “for too long and too often, the private education industry has been characterized by inadequate student outcomes, overly aggressive marketing practices, and poor compliance. this doesn’t need to be the case. we are committed to accelerating and enhancing efforts to establish university of phoenix as the leading provider of quality higher education for working adults and to continue supporting the organization’s commitment to operating in a manner consistent with the highest ethical standards.”  miller was the deputy secretary and chief operating officer at the us department of education from 2009 to 2013. miller oversaw day-to-day operations for a broad range of management, policy and program functions, spanning early childhood through post-secondary education. in addition to his operational responsibilities, miller represented the us government at education and workforce development international forums and led the department’s missions to china, korea, japan, singapore, indonesia, australia, new zealand, ecuador, brazil and russia.  upon completion of the transaction, apollo education group will be privately held and its affiliated institutions will remain subject to the same us and international regulations and accreditation standards.  the agreement was approved by apollo education group’s board of directors. the transaction is subject to financial, operational and customary closing conditions. it is also subject to regulatory conditions, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the hart‐scott‐rodino antitrust improvements act, and approvals, including by the us department of education, the higher learning commission and state regulatory and programmatic accreditation bodies. in addition, it is subject to approval by a majority of apollo education group class a and b stockholders, voting as separate classes. each of apollo education group’s class b stockholders has entered into an agreement to vote in favor of the transaction. the acquisition is expected to be completed by apollo education group’s fiscal year-end, in august 2016. apollo education group and apollo global management are unaffiliated entities.  barclays, credit suisse and evercore are acting as financial advisors, and sullivan & cromwell llp as legal advisor to apollo education group. paul, weiss, rifkind, wharton & garrison llp is acting as legal advisor to the consortium of investors.  about apollo education group, inc.  apollo education group, inc. is one of the world’s largest private education providers, serving students since 1973. through its subsidiaries, apollo education group offers undergraduate, graduate, professional development and other non-degree educational programs and services, online and on-campus principally to working learners. its educational programs and services are offered throughout the united states and in europe, australia, latin america, africa and asia, as well as online throughout the world. for more information about apollo education group, inc. and its subsidiaries, call (800) 990-apol or visit the company’s website at www.apollo.edu.  about the vistria group  the vistria group is a chicago, il based private investment firm focused on investing in middle market companies in the healthcare, education, and financial services sectors. vistria’s team is comprised of highly experienced operating partners and private equity executives with proven track records of working with management teams in building innovative market leading companies.  about apollo global management  apollo global management is a leading global alternative investment manager with offices in new york, los angeles, houston, chicago, bethesda, toronto, london, frankfurt, madrid, luxembourg, mumbai, delhi, singapore, hong kong and shanghai. apollo global management had assets under management of approximately $170 billion as of december 31, 2015 in private equity, credit and real estate funds invested across a core group of nine industries where apollo global management has considerable knowledge and resources. apollo global management has significant experience investing in the education sector with current and former private equity fund investments in leading companies including mcgraw hill education, connections academy and sylvan learning centers. the portfolio companies owned by funds managed by affiliates of apollo global management are managed and operate independently from one another. for more information about apollo, please visit www.agm.com.  about najafi companies  najafi companies is an international private investment firm based in phoenix, arizona, targeting education, media, consumer products, internet services, and direct marketing sectors. the firm makes highly selective investments in companies with strong management teams across a variety of industries, often in areas undergoing rapid transformation. najafi companies funds its investments with internally generated capital, not through a fund. the firm is able to move quickly and decisively when investing and make investments that create maximum value for the long term.
irvine, calif., feb. 17, 2016 /prnewswire/ -- ingram micro inc. (nyse: im) and tianjin tianhai investment company, ltd. (tianjin tianhai) (sse a share: 600751 and sse b share: 900938) today announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which tianjin tianhai will acquire ingram micro for $38.90 per share in an all-cash transaction with an equity value of approximately $6.0 billion. upon close of the merger, ingram micro will become a part of hna group, a hainan-based fortune global 500 enterprise group and a leader in aviation, tourism and logistics and the largest stockholder of tianjin tianhai. the transaction, which has been unanimously approved by both ingram micro's and tianjin tianhai's boards of directors, represents a premium of approximately 39% over the average closing share price of ingram micro for the 30 trading days ended february 16, 2016.  following the close of the transaction, which is expected in the second half of 2016, ingram micro will operate as a subsidiary of tianjin tianhai, consolidated under hna group, the largest stockholder of tianjin tianhai (via hna group's subsidiaries). ingram micro is expected to remain headquartered in irvine, california, and ingram micro's executive management team will remain in place, with alain monié continuing to lead as ceo. all ingram micro lines of business and all regional and country operations are expected to continue unaffected.  adam tan, vice chairman of the board of directors and ceo of hna group, said, "ingram micro has clearly established itself as a leading distributor and global provider of it products and services. the company has a proven and talented team and we believe ingram micro is unrivaled in its ability to offer industry-leading, differentiated and easy-to-manage solutions to vendor and customer partners worldwide. we look forward to supporting ingram micro's management team and strategies, including continued expansion into new geographies, while also offering their vendor and customer partners access to new and complementary offerings. we share ingram micro's commitment to integrity, innovation and performance and we are confident this transaction will enable ingram micro to continue to distinguish itself in the marketplace and meet the needs of its vendor and customer partners better than ever before."  mr. tan also said, "after the transaction, ingram micro would become the largest member enterprise of hna group in terms of revenue, and facilitate the internationalization process of the group. with the help of ingram micro, hna group would have access to business opportunities in emerging markets, which have higher growth rates and better profitability. furthermore, the addition of ingram micro would help the logistics sector of hna group transform from a logistics operator to a supply chain operator, and provide one-stop services while improving efficiencies."  alain monié, ingram micro ceo, said, "our agreement to join hna group delivers near-term and compelling cash value to our stockholders and we expect it to provide exciting new opportunities for our vendors, customers and associates. innovation, new services introduction, brand management and ensuring the stability and continuity of the businesses joining their enterprise are fundamental to hna group's overall strategy. as a part of hna group, we will have the ability to accelerate strategic investment, as we continue to capitalize on the constant evolution of technology and emerging trends by adding expertise, capabilities and geographic reach. additionally, ingram micro will now be part of a larger organization that has complementary logistics capabilities and a strong presence in china that can further support the growth and profitability objectives of our vendor and customer partners."  mr. monié continued, "hna group is committed to maintaining the leadership teams and core values that have made ingram micro a trusted partner and industry leader, and as a part of a larger organization, our global associates will have the added opportunity to expand their career objectives while remaining dedicated to ingram micro's core principles. we are delighted to join forces with hna group, a partner who shares our vision for ingram micro and is committed to accelerating the growth of our business to provide innovative solutions across the it ecosystem."  dale r. laurance, chairman of the board of directors of ingram micro, said, "hna group has a long and successful history of investing in and supporting leading global brands to advance the companies' business objectives. hna group has a stated focus to grow globally and to invest further in the operations they acquire. the board and i are confident that this transaction is in the best interest of our stockholders and that it will create an even stronger partner and value proposition for ingram micro's vendors and customers around the world."  in conjunction with this announcement, ingram micro is suspending its quarterly dividend payment and its share repurchase program prior to the closing of the transaction.  the transaction is subject to regulatory approvals in various jurisdictions, as well as the approval of ingram micro's and tianjin tianhai's stockholders and the satisfaction of other customary closing conditions.  china international capital corporation limited and bravia capital jointly acted as lead financial advisors to hna group. weil, gotshal & manges llp acted as hna group's legal counsel.  morgan stanley & co. llc acted as financial advisor to ingram micro and davis polk & wardwell llp acted as ingram micro's legal counsel.  fourth quarter 2015 results   ingram micro plans to release its 2015 fourth quarter financial results on february 25, 2016; however, as a result of the transaction announced today, ingram micro will not be hosting a conference call to discuss its financial results.  about hna group  developed from a local aviation transportation operator to a conglomerate encompassing core divisions of aviation, holdings, capital, tourism and logistics, hna group's business outreach has expanded from hainan island to the globe, which has assets valued at over $90 billion, and has 11 listed companies. in 2015, hna group had revenues of $29 billion and nearly 180,000 employees worldwide. more at www.hnagroup.com.  about tianjin tianhai  tianjin tianhai was established in december 1st, 1992, located in tianjin airport economic zone, with registered capital above rmb2.89 billion. tianjin tianhai is a shanghai stock exchange traded company. tianjin tianhai has now developed from a traditional marine shipping company into a modern logistic industry investor and operator, focusing on investment in logistic market segments, supply chain investment and management based on upstream and downstream of the logistic industry, as well as financing service for the logistic industry. with its clear vision, tianjin tianhai will be committed to becoming a core platform for logistic assets investment/management and financing service with global coverage under hna group.  about ingram micro inc.  ingram micro helps businesses realize the promise of technology™. it delivers a full spectrum of global technology and supply chain services to businesses around the world. deep expertise in technology solutions, mobility, cloud, and supply chain solutions enables its business partners to operate efficiently and successfully in the markets they serve. unrivaled agility, deep market insights and the trust and dependability that come from decades of proven relationships, set ingram micro apart and ahead. more at www.ingrammicro.com.  additional information  in connection with the proposed merger, ingram micro will file a proxy statement with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"). stockholders are advised to read the proxy statement when it becomes available because it will contain important information. stockholders may obtain a free copy of the proxy statement (when available) and any other relevant documents filed with the sec from the sec's website at http://www.sec.gov. in addition, stockholders will be able to obtain, without charge, a copy of the proxy statement and other relevant documents (when available) from the "investors" section of ingram micro's website or by contacting ingram micro's investor relations department via e-mail at damon.wright@ingrammicro.com.  participants in the solicitation  ingram micro and its directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees as well as tianjin tianhai and the hna group and their respective directors and officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from ingram micro's stockholders with respect to the merger. information about ingram micro's directors and executive officers and their ownership of ingram micro's common stock is set forth in the proxy statement for ingram micro's 2015 annual meeting of stockholders and ingram micro's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended january 3, 2015. stockholders may obtain additional information regarding the direct and indirect interests of the participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the merger, including the interests of ingram micro's directors and executive officers in the merger, which may be different than those of ingram micro's stockholders generally, by reading the proxy statement (when available) and other relevant documents regarding the merger, which will be filed with the sec.  cautionary statement for the purpose of the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995  the matters in this communication that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act are based on current management expectations. certain risks may cause such expectations to not be achieved and, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on ingram micro's business, financial condition and results of operations. ingram micro disclaims any duty to update any forward-looking statements. important risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation: (1) changes in macro-economic and geopolitical conditions can affect our business and results of operations; (2) our acquisition and investment strategies may not produce the expected benefits, which may adversely affect results of operations; (3) we are dependent on a variety of information systems, which, if not properly functioning, and available, or if we experience system security breaches, data protection breaches or other cyber-attacks, could adversely disrupt our business and harm our reputation and net sales; (4) the validity, subsistence and enforceability of the patent portfolio that we currently hold or acquire may be challenged, and we have a risk of being involved in intellectual property disputes that could cause us to incur substantial costs, divert the efforts of management or require us to pay substantial damages or licensing fees;(5) failure to retain and recruit key personnel would harm our ability to meet key objectives; (6) we operate a global business that exposes us to risks associated with conducting business in multiple jurisdictions; (7) our failure to adequately adapt to industry changes could negatively impact our future operating results; (8) we continually experience intense competition across all markets for our products and services; (9) termination of a key supply or services agreement or a significant change in supplier terms or conditions of sale could negatively affect our operating margins, revenue or the level of capital required to fund our operations; (10) substantial defaults by our customers or the loss of significant customers could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity; (11) changes in, or interpretations of, tax rules and regulations, changes in the mix of our business amongst different tax jurisdictions, and deterioration of the performance of our business may adversely affect our effective income tax rates or operating margins and we may be required to pay additional taxes and/or tax assessments, as well as record valuation allowances relating to our deferred tax assets; (12) our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets could become impaired, which could reduce the value of our assets and reduce our net income in the year in which the write-off occurs; (13) changes in our credit rating or other market factors, such as adverse capital and credit market conditions or reductions in cash flow from operations may affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, reduce access to capital, and/or increase our costs of borrowing; (14) we cannot predict the outcome of litigation matters and other contingencies that we may be involved with from time to time; (15) our failure to comply with the requirements of environmental regulations could adversely affect our business; (16) we face a variety of risks in our reliance on third-party service companies, including shipping companies, for the delivery of our products and outsourcing arrangements; (17) changes in accounting rules could adversely affect our future operating results; (18) our quarterly results have fluctuated significantly; (19) despite its global presence, ingram micro may fail to proactively identify and tap into emerging markets and geographies; (20) the possibility of our acquisition by tianjin tianhai / the hna group not being timely completed, if completed at all; and (21) prior to the completion of our acquisition by tianjin tianhai / the hna group, our business experiencing disruptions due to transaction-related uncertainty or other factors making it more difficult to maintain relationships with vendors, customers, licensees, other business partners or governmental entities, or retain key employees. we have historically instituted, and will continue to institute, changes to our strategies, operations and processes in an effort to address and mitigate risks; however, there are no assurances that ingram micro will be successful in these efforts. for a further discussion of significant factors to consider in connection with forward-looking statements concerning ingram micro, reference is made to our sec filings, and specifically to item 1a-risk factors, of our latest annual report on form 10k.
march 4, 2016 00:05:00 utc combines highly complementary theatre circuits to expand platform for amc’s guest experience and strategic growth initiatives  amc theatres (amc entertainment holdings, inc.) (nyse: amc) (“amc”) and carmike cinemas, inc. (nasdaq: ckec) (“carmike”) announced today they have entered into a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which amc will acquire all of the outstanding shares of carmike for $30.00 per share in cash. the transaction is valued at approximately $1.1 billion, including the assumption of carmike net indebtedness. the purchase price per screen is approximately $376,000, and the per share purchase price represents an approximate 19.47% premium to carmike’s march 3, 2016 closing stock price.  this smart news release features multimedia. view the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160303006740/en/  the combined company after closing the transaction  amc is one of the nation’s premier entertainment companies with 5,426 screens and the most productive theatres in the country’s top markets. carmike, america’s hometown theatre circuit, has 2,954 screens, primarily located in mid-size, non-urban communities. together amc and carmike would have well over 600 theatre locations in 45 states across the country, including the district of columbia. the transaction is expected to provide significant growth for amc and will allow it to bring its innovative amenities and best-in-class customer experience to enhance the movie-going experience for more customers in more areas.  key benefits of the transaction  the transaction is expected to result in free cash flow per share accretion, exclusive of one-time transaction-related charges, in 2017 and beyond, and is expected to produce annual cost synergies of approximately $35 million. other key benefits of the transaction include:  diversifying amc’s footprint by adding theatres with complementary geographic and guest demographic profiles that strengthen the combined company’s admissions growth potential with limited geographic overlap; expanding amc’s proven and successful guest experience strategies to millions of new guests in complementary markets; reducing related general and administrative expenses by combining back-of-the-house functions such as accounting, finance and technology. the result is a more efficient and effective competitor through greater scale, scope and expertise. the combined company will be headquartered in leawood, kansas. adam aron will serve as chief executive officer and president, and craig ramsey will serve as executive vice president and chief financial officer; the maintenance of amc’s quarterly dividend; the maintenance of amc’s balance sheet flexibility and attractive leverage profile; and amc’s receiving substantial additional value in ncm llc, a subsidiary of national cinemedia, inc. (nasdaq: ncmi). commenting on the transaction, amc chief executive officer and president, adam aron said, “this is a compelling transaction that brings together two great companies with complementary strengths to create substantial value for our guests and shareholders. through this transaction we expect to unlock synergies, sufficient we believe to make this transaction accretive in 2017. amc also gets to extend the reach of our innovative, guest-experience strategies to further transform the movie-going experience for millions of new guests. we also look forward to welcoming so many talented carmike employees to the amc team.”  “our combination with amc is a transformative milestone for carmike and one that provides significant value to carmike shareholders,” stated david passman, carmike president and chief executive officer. “by joining with amc, we are bringing together two highly complementary theatre footprints and a shared commitment to service and innovation, positioning the combined company to deliver an even more compelling movie-going experience in many more locations across the country. i am proud of the carmike employees whose dedication and hard work have made this combination and its many benefits possible. we look forward to working together with the amc team to complete the transaction and to ensure a seamless transition.”  aron added, “by broadening amc’s geographic and demographic base for delivering our groundbreaking guest experience innovations in comfort and convenience -- such as plush power-recliners, enhanced food and beverage, premium sight and sound, greater guest engagement and targeted programming -- amc is poised to deliver the best possible movie experience to more movie-goers than ever before.”  approvals and timing  the transaction was approved by both boards of directors of amc and carmike, respectively.  the transaction is expected to be completed by the end of 2016, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approval and approval by carmike’s shareholders.  additional details  the transaction, which has fully committed financing in place, will be funded through a combination of existing liquidity, including cash on hand, and incremental debt. the debt financing commitment is being provided by citigroup global markets inc. (“citi”).  citi is serving as exclusive financial advisor to amc and husch blackwell llp is serving as amc’s lead legal advisor. j.p. morgan securities llc is serving as exclusive financial advisor and provided a fairness opinion to carmike. king & spalding llp is acting as legal counsel to carmike.  conference call  amc will discuss the transaction in greater detail on a conference call and webcast on friday, march 4, 2016 at 7:30 a.m. ct/8:30 a.m. et. to listen to the conference call via the internet, please visit the investor relations section of the amc website at www.amctheatres.com for a link to the webcast. investors and interested parties should go to the website at least 15 minutes prior to the call to register, and/or download and install any necessary audio software. to access the call from the us, dial (855) 327-6837. from international locations, the conference call can be accessed at (778) 327-3988. an archive of the webcast will be available at www.investor.amctheatres.com for a limited time after the call.  about amc theatres  amc (nyse: amc) is the guest experience leader with 387 locations and 5,426 screens located primarily in the united states. amc has propelled innovation in the theatrical exhibition industry and continues today by delivering more comfort and convenience, enhanced food & beverage, greater engagement and loyalty, premium sight & sound, and targeted programming. amc operates the most productive theatres in the country’s top markets, including no. 1 market share in the top three markets (ny, la, chicago) www.amctheatres.com.  about carmike cinemas  carmike cinemas, inc. is a us leader in digital cinema, 3-d cinema deployments and alternative programming and is one of the nation's largest motion picture exhibitors. carmike has 276 theatres with 2,954 screens in 41 states. the circuit includes 55 premium large format (plf) auditoriums featuring state-of-the-art technology and luxurious seating, including 32 "bigds," 21 imax auditoriums and two muvixl screens. as "america's hometown theatre chain" carmike's primary focus is mid-sized communities. visit www.carmike.com for more information.  website information  this press release, along with other news about amc, is available at www.amctheatres.com. we routinely post information that may be important to investors in the investor relations section of our website, www.investor.amctheatres.com. we use this website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under regulation fd, and we encourage investors to consult that section of our website regularly for important information about amc. the information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this document. investors interested in automatically receiving news and information when posted to our website can also visit www.investor.amctheatres.com to sign up for e-mail alerts.  important additional information regarding the merger will be filed with the sec  this press release may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect of the proposed merger. in connection with the proposed merger, carmike will file with the securities and exchange commission (the “sec”) and furnish to its stockholders a proxy statement and other relevant documents. before making any voting decision, carmike’s stockholders are urged to read the proxy statement in its entirety when it becomes available and any other documents to be filed with the sec in connection with the proposed merger or incorporated by reference in the proxy statement because they will contain important information about the proposed merger. carmike’s stockholders will be able to obtain a free copy of the proxy statement, when available, and other relevant documents filed by carmike with the sec at the sec’s website at www.sec.gov. in addition, carmike’s stockholders may obtain a free copy of the proxy statement, when available, and other relevant documents from carmike’s website at http://www.carmikeinvestors.com/ or by contacting carmike’s investor relations representatives by telephone at (212) 835-8500 or via email at ckec@jcir.com.  participants in the solicitation  carmike and its officers and directors may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from carmike’s stockholders with respect to the proposed merger. information about carmike’s officers and directors and their ownership of carmike common stock is set forth in the proxy statement for carmike’s most recent annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the sec on april 17, 2015. investors and security holders may obtain more detailed information regarding the direct and indirect interests of the participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed merger by reading the proxy statements regarding the proposed merger, which will be filed by carmike with the sec.
redwood shores, ca -- (marketwired) -- 04/28/16 -- oracle (nyse: orcl) today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire textura (nyse: txtr), a leading provider of construction contracts and payment management cloud services for $26.00 per share in cash. the transaction is valued at approximately $663 million, net of textura's cash.  textura's cloud services process $3.4 billion in payments for over 6,000 projects each month, helping keep projects on time and under budget while reducing risk for developers, contractors and subcontractors. textura offers its cloud services in a consumption model preferred by the engineering and construction industry whereby the companies involved pay based on project activity. further, usage of textura's cloud services creates a network effect that benefits all participants as more than 85,000 general and subcontractors are connected to the platform.  oracle primavera offers a complete suite of cloud solutions for project, cost, time and risk management. the oracle primavera flagship products have been completely re-architected for the cloud, and the result is a set of cloud services that are growing rapidly as construction and engineering companies embrace digital transformation. together, oracle primavera and textura will form the oracle engineering and construction global business unit offering a comprehensive cloud-based project control and execution platform that manages all phases of engineering and construction projects.  "the increasingly global engineering and construction industry requires digital modernization in a way that automates manual processes and embraces the power of cloud computing to easily connect the construction job site, reduce cost overruns, and improve productivity," said mike sicilia, svp and gm, engineering and construction global business unit, oracle. "together, textura and oracle engineering and construction will have the most comprehensive set of cloud services in the industry."  "textura's mission is to bring workflow automation and transparency to complex construction projects while improving their financial performance and minimizing risks," said david habiger, chief executive officer, textura. "we are excited to join oracle and bring our cloud-based capabilities to help extend the oracle engineering and construction industry cloud platform."  the board of directors of oracle has unanimously approved the transaction. the transaction is expected to close in 2016, subject to textura stockholders tendering 66 2/3% of textura's outstanding shares and derivative securities exercised prior to the closing (as required by textura's certificate of incorporation) in the tender offer, certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.  more information about this announcement is available at www.oracle.com/textura.  about oracle oracle offers a comprehensive and fully integrated stack of cloud applications and platform services. for more information about oracle (nyse: orcl), visit oracle.com.  trademarks oracle and java are registered trademarks of oracle and/or its affiliates. other names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
by craig karmin      hospitality company sbe entertainment group has agreed to acquire morgans hotel group co., according to people familiar with the matter, ending a long saga in which the two companies have held on-and-off-again merger talks.      sbe is paying $2.25 a share in cash for the outstanding shares of morgans, which were recently trading on the nasdaq market at around $2.00, though the shares were trading as low as $1.33 last week before jumping on speculation of a takeover.      the deal puts an equity value on the company of about $82 million, these people said. the total enterprise value of the combined company, including assumption of debt, would be about $800 million, say people familiar with these companies' thinking.      private-equity investor ronald burkle's yucaipa cos.,which holds $75 million of preferred equity shares in morgans and warrants for common shares, will receive 25% of common equity in sbe, according to people close to the deal.      sbe chief executive sam nazarian, who founded the company in 2002, will become ceo of the combined company and retain majority control. the los angeles-based company is acquiring all the morgans brands and ownership of the hudson and the delano properties.      morgans owns or operates 13 boutique hotels, including new york's hudson, the mondrian in los angeles and the delano in miami beach. the combined company will own or operate 20 hotels, including properties under the flagship sls brand.       sbe and morgans held extensive merger discussions last year but those talks collapsed in november after mr. burkle and jason kalisman, a morgans board member whose investment firm is the biggest shareholder, clashed over terms of the deal.      write to craig karmin at craig.karmin@wsj.com 
incontact to be acquired by nice systems for $14.00 per share in cash   pr newswire   salt lake city, may 18, 2016   salt lake city, may 18, 2016 /prnewswire/ -- incontact, inc. (nasdaq: saas), the leading provider of cloud contact center software and contact center optimization tools, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by nice, the worldwide leading provider of software solutions that enable organizations to take the next best action in order to improve customer experience and business results, ensure compliance, fight financial crime, and safeguard people and assets. under the terms of the agreement, incontact stockholders will receive $14.00 per share in cash. the per share purchase price represents a 55% premium to the closing price on may 17, 2016, the last trading day prior to the announcement of the transaction, and a 49% premium to the 30 day volume weighted average price.   "we strongly believe that this transaction best positions the company to execute on our vision of helping our customers deliver exceptional customer experiences, while rewarding our existing stockholders for the work we have achieved to date," said paul jarman, ceo of incontact. "we are excited to work with our new business partners at nice and enter our next chapter of industry leadership."   this acquisition ushers in a new era in customer service, where two leading companies are joining forces to provide the industry's first fully integrated cloud contact center solution suite. organizations of all sizes can now take their contact center into the new era of the experience center. the unprecedented combination of nice's world-class workforce optimization and analytics solutions with incontact's advanced contact center cloud offerings allows organizations to take advantage of best-in-class customer service applications as they transition to the cloud.   moreover, the acquisition marks the first time that a single vendor offers both contact center cloud applications and an open cloud platform as well as the full range of workforce optimization applications and analytics, providing a seamless integrated environment. this combination of contact center applications and infrastructure under one company also enables the transformation of the contact center to the experience center. the experience center connects customer, employee and omni-channel, using advanced analytics to drive personalization and smart action in real time, to stay ahead of the curve of changing customer preferences.   "we look forward to working with the talented management team and employees to accelerate incontact's customer relationships and strengthen its market position in cloud contact center software," said barak eilam, ceo of nice. "we worked hard to make this deal happen because we understand the tremendous value that incontact can bring to its customers and the marketplace. this combination creates the deepest and most talented r&d, services and support organization in our industry, allowing us to accelerate our roadmaps and deliver even greater value to our customers."   the board of directors of incontact has unanimously approved the transaction. the transaction is expected to close in the second half of 2016, subject to incontact stockholder approval, certain regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. the transaction will be funded from nice's cash on hand and committed debt financing provided by jpmorgan chase bank and royal bank of canada.   jefferies llc is serving as exclusive financial advisor, and pillsbury winthrop shaw pittman llp and parsons behle & latimer are serving as legal advisors, to incontact.   about incontact   incontact (nasdaq: saas) is the cloud contact center software leader, with the most complete, easiest and most reliable solution to help organizations around the globe to achieve their customer experience goals. incontact continuously innovates in the cloud and is the only provider to offer a complete solution that includes the technology -- customer interaction platform as a service -- as well as an expert service model and the broadest partner ecosystem. recognized as a market leader by gartner, frost, ovum, idc and dmg, incontact supports over 6 billion interactions per year for enterprise, midmarket, government organizations and business process outsourcers (bpos) who operate in multiple divisions, locations and global regions. to learn more, visit www.incontact.com.   about nice   nice systems (nasdaq: nice) is the worldwide leading provider of software solutions that enable organizations to take the next best action in order to improve customer experience and business results, ensure compliance, fight financial crime, and safeguard people and assets. nice's solutions empower organizations to capture, analyze, and apply, in real time, insights from both structured and unstructured big data. this data comes from multiple sources, including phone calls, mobile apps, emails, chat, social media, video, and transactions. nice solutions are used by over 25,000 organizations in more than 150 countries, including over 80 of the fortune 100 companies. www.nice.com.   trademark note: nice and the nice logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of nice systems. all other marks are trademarks of their respective owners. for a full list of nice systems' marks, please see: http://www.nice.com/nice-trademarks.   additional information and where to find it   in connection with the transaction, incontact intends to file relevant materials with the securities and exchange commission (the "sec"), including a preliminary proxy statement on schedule 14a. promptly after filing its definitive proxy statement with the sec, incontact will mail the definitive proxy statement and a proxy card to each stockholder entitled to vote at the special meeting relating to the transaction. investors and security holders of incontact are urged to read these materials (including any amendments or supplements thereto) and any other relevant documents in connection with the transaction that incontact will file with the sec when they become available because they will contain important information about incontact and the transaction. the proxy statement and other relevant materials in connection with the transaction (when they become available), and any other documents filed by the company with the sec, may be obtained free of charge at the sec's website (http://www.sec.gov) or at incontact's website (http://www.incontact.com) or by writing to incontact's corporate secretary at 75 west towne ridge parkway, tower 1, salt lake city, ut 84070.   participants in the solicitation   incontact and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from incontact's stockholders with respect to the transaction. information about incontact's directors and executive officers and their ownership of incontact common stock is set forth in incontact's proxy statement on schedule 14a filed with the sec on april 27, 2016, and incontact's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2015, which was filed with the sec on march 4, 2016. information regarding the identity of the potential participants, and their direct or indirect interests in the transaction, by security holdings or otherwise, which may be different than those of incontact's stockholders generally, will be set forth in the proxy statement and other materials to be filed with sec in connection with the transaction. 
platinum equity and electro rent corporation (nasdaq:elrc) today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which electro rent would be acquired by platinum equity for approximately $323.4 million.  under the agreement, platinum equity would acquire all of electro rent’s common stock. electro rent stockholders will receive $13.12 per share, representing a premium of 24.4% over the closing price on may 27, 2016, and 34.8% over the average closing price of electro rent’s common stock over the past three (3) months. in light of the agreement, electro rent will not pay its next quarterly common stock dividend scheduled for july 2016.  the agreement followed the unanimous recommendation of electro rent’s board of directors. completion of the transaction, which is expected to close in the next 90 to 120 days, is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval of electro rent’s stockholders and various regulatory agencies.  electro rent chairman daniel greenberg and a member of his immediate family, who collectively own approximately 29% of the company’s outstanding shares of common stock, have entered into voting agreements in support of the sale and have granted an affiliate of platinum equity irrevocable proxies to execute those agreements.  steven markheim, recently named chief executive officer of electro rent, and allen sciarillo, recently named chief financial officer, will retain their current roles under the ownership of platinum equity.  upon completion of the transaction, electro rent’s common stock will cease to be publicly traded. houlihan lokey acted as financial advisor to the strategic alternatives committee of the board of directors of electro rent and sheppard mullin acted as electro rent’s legal counsel. latham & watkins llp is serving as legal counsel to platinum equity.  “electro rent has built an excellent reputation as one of the most well respected companies in its industry. its team of dedicated employees will continue to play an essential role in providing electro rent’s customers and oem partners with the first-class service for which the company is known,” said platinum equity partner louis samson. “we look forward to working closely with the company’s experienced leadership to put electro rent in the best position to take full advantage of future opportunities.”  “we are excited to begin this new phase in electro rent’s history, and look forward to partnering with platinum as we continue to meet and exceed the needs of our customers and manufacturing partners around the globe,” said markheim. “the transaction presents an outstanding opportunity for all of our stakeholders, as we should greatly benefit from additional resources and experience to further enhance our already high inventory, service and support standards. platinum is fully committed to our industry and to ensuring electro rent’s success.”  about platinum equity  founded in 1995 by tom gores, platinum equity (www.platinumequity.com) is a global investment firm with more than $6 billion of assets under management and a portfolio of more than 25 operating companies that serve customers around the world. platinum equity specializes in mergers, acquisitions and operations – a trademarked strategy it calls m&a&o® – acquiring and operating companies in a broad range of business markets, including manufacturing, distribution, transportation and logistics, equipment rental, metals services, media and entertainment, technology, telecommunications and other industries. over the past 20 years platinum equity has completed more than 175 acquisitions.  about electro rent  electro rent corporation (www.electrorent.com) is one of the largest global organizations devoted to the rental, leasing and sales of general purpose electronic test equipment, personal computers and servers.  important additional information will be filed with the sec  in connection with the proposed transaction, electro rent corporation will file or furnish relevant documents, including a proxy statement, concerning the proposed transaction with the sec. investors and stockholders of electro rent corporation are urged to read the proxy statement and other relevant materials when they become available because they will contain important information about electro rent corporation and the proposed transaction. the final proxy statement will be mailed to the company’s stockholders.  investors and stockholders may obtain a free copy of the proxy statement and any other relevant documents filed or furnished by electro rent corporation with the sec (when available) at the sec’s web site at www.sec.gov. in addition, copies of the proxy statement and other filings made by the company with the sec can also be obtained, free of charge, by directing a request to electro rent corporation, 6060 sepulveda boulevard, van nuys, ca 91411, attention: corporate secretary.  electro rent corporation and its directors and certain executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from electro rent corporation stockholders in respect of the proposed transaction. information about the directors and executive officers of electro rent corporation and their respective interests in electro rent corporation by security holdings or otherwise is set forth in its proxy statement for the 2015 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the sec on september 9, 2015 and its annual report on form 10-k for the year ended may 31, 2015, which was filed with the sec on august 13, 2015. stockholders may obtain additional information regarding the interests of electro rent corporation and its directors and executive officers in the merger, which may be different than those of electro rent corporation’s stockholders generally, by reading the proxy statement and other relevant documents regarding the merger, when filed with the sec. each of these documents is, or will be, available as described above.
 talen energy to be acquired by riverstone   stockholders to receive $14.00 per share in cash   transaction has total enterprise value of approximately $5.2 billion   pr newswire   allentown, pa., june 3, 2016   allentown, pa., june 3, 2016 /prnewswire/ -- talen energy corporation (nyse: tln), a competitive energy and power generation company that owns or controls 16,000 megawatts of capacity in eight states, announced today that it has entered into a definitive merger agreement with affiliates of riverstone holdings llc ("riverstone"), a private investment firm.   under terms of the merger agreement, all outstanding shares of talen energy common stock not currently owned by riverstone affiliated entities will be acquired for $14.00 per share in cash. affiliates of riverstone currently own approximately 35 percent of the outstanding shares of talen energy common stock, which were issued in the june 2015 transaction that established talen energy by combining competitive generation assets that had been owned by affiliates of ppl corporation and affiliates of riverstone.   the purchase price represents a 56 percent premium to the closing price of $9.00 per share on march 31, 2016, the last trading day before public reports of a potential sale of talen energy, and a 101 percent premium to the 60-day volume-weighted average price of $6.95 per share through march 31.   the transaction has a total enterprise value of approximately $5.2 billion.   "we believe the transaction offers compelling value to our stockholders, while eliminating execution risk, and will provide additional momentum to the outstanding work our employees have done to drive improvements in the safety, reliability and efficiency of our plants in the time since we became an independent company," said paul farr, talen energy president and chief executive officer.   "the disinterested directors of the board, not including the two riverstone directors, with the assistance of our financial and legal advisors, carefully analyzed riverstone's offer, and after extensive negotiation and thorough consideration, concluded that the agreement we are announcing today is in the best interests of our stockholders," said stuart e. graham, chairman of talen energy's board of directors.   david m. leuschen and pierre f. lapeyre, jr., co-founders of riverstone, added, "as an experienced owner of power generation assets, riverstone is excited to acquire talen energy and its world class generating fleet, which is located in some of the united states' most attractive power markets."   'go shop'   the agreement provides for a "go-shop" period, during which talen energy -- with the assistance of its legal and financial advisors -- may actively solicit, receive, evaluate and potentially enter into negotiations with parties that offer alternative proposals. the go-shop period is 40 days. talen energy will be permitted to continue discussions with certain parties that make a qualifying offer during the go-shop period for an additional 20 days and, subject to customary requirements included in the agreement, enter into or recommend a transaction with a person or group that makes a superior proposal. the agreement provides for the payment of a termination fee by talen energy to riverstone in the event that the agreement is terminated for a superior proposal, which termination fee will be $50 million, but which will be reduced to $25 million if talen energy accepts a superior proposal made during the go-shop period.   there can be no assurance that this process will result in a superior proposal. talen energy does not intend to disclose developments during this process unless and until the board makes a decision with respect to any superior proposal it may receive.   stockholder and regulatory approval   in addition to approval by stockholders representing a majority of outstanding shares of common stock, the transaction is subject to approval by a majority of non- riverstone affiliated stockholders voting at a special stockholder meeting to be scheduled. riverstone and its affiliates have agreed to vote their 35 percent stake in favor of the proposed transaction.   the transaction is subject to expiration of the applicable waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act, approval of the nuclear regulatory commission and the federal energy regulatory commission, as well as certain other customary regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. riverstone's obligation to consummate the transaction is also subject to talen energy having a minimum amount of cash and revolving credit facility capacity available at closing.   the parties currently expect the transaction to be completed by the end of 2016.   transaction financing   the consideration for the common stock in the transaction, of approximately $1.8 billion, is expected to be funded by a conversion of riverstone's existing ownership of 35 percent of the common stock of talen into shares of the surviving corporation, talen energy's cash on hand, and proceeds of a $250 million new secured term loan.  the new secured term loan is fully committed by goldman sachs bank usa, royal bank of canada, barclays bank plc, credit suisse ag and credit suisse securities (usa) llc, deutsche bank securities inc. and deutsche bank ag new york branch, morgan stanley senior funding inc., and the bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj ltd., and will rank pari-passu with the existing first lien revolving credit facility of talen energy supply llc (a wholly owned subsidiary of talen energy) ("energy supply"), which will be reduced from $1.85 billion to $1.4 billion upon closing of the transaction. concurrently with the signing of the merger agreement, all of energy supply's subsidiaries that currently guarantee its revolving credit facility have executed guarantees (effective as of the closing of the transaction) of talen energy's outstanding unsecured notes due 2025 ("2025 notes") and its pennsylvania economic development financing authority revenue bonds ("municipal bonds"), which together comprise approximately $831 million of energy supply's approximately $3.3 billion total unsecured debt that will remain outstanding. as a result of this new credit support for the 2025 notes and the municipal bonds, it is expected that these notes and bonds will be structurally senior to the non-guaranteed unsecured debt of energy supply, and we believe that the issue ratings on the 2025 notes and the municipal bonds will be maintained or improved.   financial and legal advisors   citi is serving as financial advisor to talen energy. kirkland & ellis llp is serving as talen energy's legal advisor. goldman, sachs & co. and rbc capital markets are serving as financial advisors to riverstone. wachtell, lipton, rosen & katz and vinson & elkins llp are serving as riverstone's legal advisors for the transaction.   about talen energy   talen energy is one of the largest competitive energy and power generation companies in north america. the company owns or controls 16,000 megawatts of generating capacity in well-developed, structured wholesale power markets, principally in the northeast, mid-atlantic and southwest regions of the united states. for more information, visit www.talenenergy.com.   talen energy generating assets  plant                fuel type             ownership in mw       state  region                                             (summer rating) martins creek        natural gas/oil       1,708                 pa     pjm lower mt. bethel     natural gas           555                   pa     pjm bayonne              natural gas/oil       165                   nj     pjm camden               natural gas/oil       145                   nj     pjm dartmouth            natural gas/oil       82                    ma     iso-ne  elmwood park         natural gas/oil       70                    nj     pjm newark bay           natural gas/oil       122                   nj     pjm pedricktown          natural gas/oil       117                   nj     pjm york                 natural gas           46                    pa     pjm athens               natural gas           969                   ny     nyiso millennium           natural gas           335                   ma     iso-ne  laredo               natural gas           181                   tx     ercot nueces bay           natural gas           648                   tx     ercot barney davis         natural gas           964                   tx     ercot harquahala           natural gas           1,040                 az     wecc combustion turbines  natural gas/oil       370                   pa     pjm montour              coal                  1,528                 pa     pjm brunner island (a)   coal                  1,428                 pa     pjm brandon shores       coal                  1,274                 md     pjm h.a. wagner          coal/natural gas/oil  966                   md     pjm keystone (b)         coal                  212                   pa     pjm conemaugh (b)        coal                  285                   pa     pjm colstrip (b)         coal                  529                   mt     wecc susquehanna (b)      nuclear               2,262                 pa     pjm  (a) project to co-fire with natural gas expected to be completed by the end of  2016. (b) jointly owned facility.    about riverstone holdings   riverstone is an energy and power-focused private investment firm founded in 2000 by david m. leuschen and pierre f. lapeyre, jr. with approximately $34 billion of equity capital raised. riverstone conducts buyout and growth capital investments in the exploration & production, midstream, oilfield services, power and renewable sectors of the energy industry. with offices in new york, london, houston and mexico city, the firm has committed approximately $30 billion to more than 120 investments in north america, latin america, europe, africa and asia. visit www.riverstonellc.com for more information. 
envision healthcare holdings, inc. (envision) (nyse:evhc) and amsurg corp. (amsurg) (nasdaq:amsg) today announced that they have signed a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which the companies will combine in an all-stock transaction at a fixed exchange ratio of 0.334 amsurg shares per envision share. the combined organization will have a pro forma market capitalization of approximately $10 billion and enterprise value of approximately $15 billion based on the closing stock prices of envision and amsurg on june 14, 2016. envision shareholders will own approximately 53% percent and amsurg shareholders will own approximately 47% percent of the combined organization on a fully diluted basis, including preferred shares. the transaction has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies.  this smart news release features multimedia. view the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160615006526/en/  upon completion of the merger, which is expected to be tax-free to the shareholders of both organizations, the combined company will be named envision healthcare corporation and co-headquartered in nashville, tennessee and greenwood village, colorado. the company’s common stock is expected to trade on the new york stock exchange under the ticker symbol: evhc.  the combination of envision and amsurg brings together two leading, complementary healthcare companies to form one of the nation’s largest provider organizations, well positioned to help shape the future of healthcare delivery. together, the companies manage a broad continuum of clinical network solutions, including outsourced physician services in the following specialties: emergency, hospitalist, anesthesia, radiology and children’s services. in addition, the companies provide solutions for ambulatory surgery, post-acute care and medical transportation. the two companies had combined revenue of more than $8.5 billion and austed ebitda of more than $1.1 billion for the 12 months ended march 31, 2016.  upon closing of the transaction, william a. sanger, who serves currently as president, chief executive officer and chairman of the board of envision, will be executive chairman of the board. christopher a. holden will be president and chief executive officer of the combined company, the same positions he holds at amsurg. claire gulmi, amsurg’s chief financial officer, will retain that role at the combined company; randy owen, envision’s chief financial officer and chief operating officer, will serve as president of ambulatory services at the combined company; and robert coward, current president of sheridan and chief development officer of amsurg, will serve as president of physician services. the newly formed board will consist of 14 directors, comprised of equal numbers of current envision and amsurg directors, including mr. sanger and mr. holden.  mr. sanger said, “at envision, we have been actively advancing our integrated delivery and market-centric strategies while amsurg has been diversifying and building its national presence. our two organizations complement each other in a way few others could, and this merger will accelerate our collective ability to positively impact healthcare delivery across the country. we are excited for the future and look forward to the opportunity to combine the resources of envision and amsurg.”  mr. holden added, “this merger will create a national platform with a highly differentiated suite of solutions. it will significantly increase our ability to empower physicians and expand our client relationships. within a highly fragmented marketplace, we will have the critical first mover advantage to capitalize on the greenfield and cross-selling opportunities across our various offerings, and generate significant value for our shareholders.”  compelling strategic and financial rationale  compelling client proposition with differentiated service offerings: the combined organization will have complementary strengths as a physician-led, patient-focused healthcare services organization with a broad national footprint. the company’s platform of differentiated service offerings will span from pre-hospital, acute and outpatient care to post-acute care. well positioned for evolving healthcare environment: as a leader in each of its sub-specialties, the combined organization will be able to use its expansive network to improve patient outcomes and experiences while creating efficiencies through more effective care coordination. strong financial profile: the combined company will have a strong balance sheet with anticipated net debt to austed ebitda at closing of 4.2x, including estimated contributions from recent acquisitions and estimated synergies. the company will have a diversified business mix across verticals, geographies and clients, as well as significant cash-flow generation expected to be deployed for acquisitions, further driving growth while also reducing net leverage. meaningful synergy opportunities: the combination is expected to result in $100 million of synergies, anticipated to be fully realized within three years of closing. synergies are expected to be derived through cost savings as well as meaningful revenue synergies from an enhanced portfolio and cross-selling opportunities. experienced, accomplished management team: the management team has a proven track record of building organizations for the changing healthcare environment and growth through both acquisitions and sales. significant accretion: the transaction is expected to be accretive to the two companies’ combined austed earnings per share in 2017 and double-digit accretive in 2018. additional transaction details  jpmorgan chase bank and barclays have provided committed financing for the transaction. the transaction is expected to close by year-end 2016, subject to regulatory approvals, approval by envision and amsurg shareholders and the satisfaction or waiver of customary closing conditions.  advisors  barclays is acting as lead financial advisor to envision, with evercore also acting as financial advisor and debevoise & plimpton llp acting as its legal counsel. guggenheim securities and j.p. morgan securities llc are acting as financial advisors for amsurg and bass, berry & sims plc is acting as its legal counsel.  conference call and webcast details  envision and amsurg will hold a conference call thursday, june 16, at 8:30 a.m. eastern time. the dial-in number is (888) 312-3055 (toll-free), conference code 4584718. presentation materials related to the conference call will be available on both companies’ websites at www.evhc.net and www.amsurg.com, by following the links to “investors.” a telephonic replay of the conference call will be available through 11:30 a.m. et on june 23, 2016, by dialing (888) 203-1112 (toll-free) or (719) 457-0820 (toll) and entering passcode 4584718. investors will also have the opportunity to listen to the conference call over the internet by going to either company’s website and following the link to “investors” at least 15 minutes early to register, download, and install any necessary audio software. for those who cannot listen to the live broadcast, a replay will be available at these sites shortly after the call and continue for 30 days.  about envision healthcare holdings  envision healthcare holdings, inc., offers an array of physician-led healthcare-related services to consumers, hospitals, healthcare systems, health plans and local, state and national government entities. the organization provides care across a broad patient continuum via american medical response, inc. (amr), emcare holdings, inc. (emcare) and evolution health, llc (evolution health). amr provides community-based medical transportation services, including emergency (‘911’), non-emergency, managed transportation, air ambulance and disaster response. emcare’s integrated facility-based physician services include emergency, anesthesiology, hospitalist/inpatient care, intensive medicine, obstetrics and gynecology, radiology, tele-radiology and surgery. evolution health’s innovative and comprehensive care coordination solutions result in improved patient care delivery across a number of healthcare settings. envision healthcare is headquartered in greenwood village, colorado. for additional information, visit www.evhc.net.  about amsurg  amsurg’s ambulatory services division acquires, develops and operates ambulatory surgery centers in partnership with physicians throughout the us amsurg’s physician services division, sheridan, provides outsourced physician services in multiple specialties to hospitals, ascs and other healthcare facilities throughout the us, primarily in the areas of anesthesiology, radiology, children’s services and emergency medicine. through these businesses as of march 31, 2016, amsurg owned and operated 256 ascs and one surgical hospital in 34 states and the district of columbia and provided physician services to more than 450 healthcare facilities in 29 states. amsurg has partnerships with, or employs, over 5,000 physicians and other healthcare professionals in 38 states and the district of columbia.  no offer or solicitation / additional information and where to find it  this communication is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval with respect to the proposed business combination between envision healthcare holdings, inc. (“envision”) and amsurg corp. (“amsurg”) or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. no offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of section 10 of the securities act of 1933, as amended. the proposed business combination between envision and amsurg will be submitted to their respective shareholders for consideration. amsurg will cause its newly formed, wholly owned subsidiary, new amethyst corp. (“new amethyst”), to file with the securities and exchange commission (the “sec”) a registration statement on form s-4 that will constitute a prospectus of new amethyst and a joint proxy statement of envision and amsurg. envision and amsurg will deliver the joint proxy statement/prospectus to their respective shareholders as required by applicable law. this communication is not a substitute for any prospectus, proxy statement or any other document that may be filed with the sec in connection with the proposed business combination. investors and shareholders are urged to read carefully and in their entirety the joint proxy statement/prospectus and any other relevant documents that will be filed with the sec when they become available because they will contain important information about the proposed business combination and related matters. investors and shareholders will be able to obtain free copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other documents containing important information about envision, amsurg and new amethyst, once such documents are filed with the sec, through the website maintained by the sec at www.sec.gov. envision and amsurg make available free of charge at www.evhc.net and www.amsurg.com, respectively (in the “investors” section), copies of materials they file with, or furnish to, the sec.  participants in the merger solicitation  envision, amsurg and certain of their respective directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of envision and amsurg in connection with the proposed business combination. information about the directors and executive officers of envision is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2016 annual meeting of shareholders filed with the sec on march 23, 2016. information about the directors and executive officers of amsurg is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2016 annual meeting of shareholders filed with the sec on april 22, 2016 and its annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015 filed with the sec on february 25, 2016. these documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. other information regarding those persons who are, under the rules of the sec, participants in the proxy solicitation and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the sec when they become available.
  people's united financial, inc. to acquire suffolk bancorp   pr newswire   bridgeport, conn., june 27, 2016   bridgeport, conn., june 27, 2016 /prnewswire/ -- people's united financial, inc. (nasdaq: pbct), the holding company for people's united bank, n.a., announced today a definitive agreement pursuant to which people's united financial will acquire suffolk bancorp (nyse: scnb), of riverhead, ny, the holding company for suffolk county national bank, in a 100% stock transaction valued at approximately $402 million. completion of the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of regulatory approval and the approval of suffolk bancorp's shareholders.   "we are proud to welcome suffolk county national bank to people's united bank," said jack barnes, president and chief executive officer of people's united financial. "with the 9(th) largest market share in suffolk county, a solid relationship-banking approach and loyal, long-tenured customers, suffolk county national bank's strong long island presence complements our previous acquisitions and organic growth in the new york metro area."   "i couldn't be more pleased to be a part of people's united," said howard c. bluver, president and chief executive officer of suffolk bancorp. "the highly regarded people's united brand, broad range of products and services and unique positioning across several attractive markets will benefit suffolk bancorp shareholders, customers and employees alike. it is also clear to me that our respective community-oriented cultures, devotion to the highest levels of customer service and conservative risk management philosophies align perfectly. we look forward to leveraging the strengths of our combined organizations to create additional value for all of our current and future stakeholders."   bluver will join people's united bank as new york market president and will guide the integration of suffolk bancorp while continuing to expand the people's united franchise in new york. "howard's deep roots in the region, his understanding of the local economy and his proven ability for growth will continue our momentum in this important market," said barnes.   people's united bank and people's united community foundation have a strong tradition of charitable contributions and investing in communities. recognizing suffolk bancorp's important role in the region, the combined company will enhance efforts to address the needs of individuals, families, and businesses on long island with the creation of a regional advisory board. the board, comprising members of suffolk's board of directors, will be established upon closing of the transaction and will provide insight and guidance in these and other areas.   people's united expects the transaction to be accretive to earnings, excluding one-time costs, with an irr of approximately 17% and a tangible book value earn-back under five years.  the transaction is expected to close late in the fourth quarter of 2016.   under the terms of the definitive agreement, which has been approved by both companies' boards of directors, suffolk bancorp shareholders will receive 2.225 shares of people's united financial stock for each suffolk bancorp share. the transaction is valued at $33.55 per suffolk bancorp share, based on the closing price of people's united's common stock on june 24, 2016. the receipt of people's united financial stock by shareholders of suffolk bancorp is expected to be tax-free.   j.p. morgan securities llc served as financial advisor to people's united and simpson thacher & bartlett llp served as legal counsel to people's united.   keefe, bruyette & woods, inc. served as financial advisor to suffolk bancorp, and wachtell, lipton, rosen & katz served as legal counsel to suffolk bancorp.   conference call information   more information regarding the strategic and financial implications of the acquisition will be provided in a people's united conference call and presentation taking place today, june 27, 2016, at 9 a.m. et. the call will be broadcast live via http://edge.media-server.com/m/p/dyfn2pph through the company's website peoples.com.  to access the conference call, dial-in information is as follows: domestic:  877-930-7765 and international: 253-336-7413. conference id# 40471796. a replay of the presentation will be available june 27 (midnight) -- july 3 (midnight): domestic:  855-859-2056 and international:  404-537-3406. conference id#  40471796.   about people's united bank, n.a.   people's united bank, n.a. is a subsidiary of people's united financial, inc. (nasdaq: pbct), a diversified financial services company with over $39 billion in assets. people's united bank, founded in 1842, is a premier, community-based, regional bank in the northeast offering commercial and retail banking, as well as wealth management services through a network of nearly 400 branches in connecticut, new york, massachusetts, vermont, new hampshire and maine. visit us at peoples.com.   about suffolk bancorp   suffolk bancorp (nyse: scnb) is a one-bank holding company that provides commercial banking and financial services through suffolk county national bank ("scnb"), its wholly owned subsidiary. founded in 1890, scnb is headquartered in riverhead, ny and serves the long island market, incorporating long island's east end, western suffolk, and nassau counties as well as manhattan and the other boroughs. scnb is a nationally chartered commercial bank offering a full range of products and services including deposit accounts, commercial, multi-family and consumer lending, residential mortgages, cash management, and investment services.   important additional information and where to find it   this communication is being made in respect of the proposed merger transaction involving people's united financial, inc. ("people's united") and suffolk bancorp ("suffolk").  people's united intends to file a registration statement on form s-4 with the sec, which will include a proxy statement of suffolk and a prospectus of people's united, and each party will file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the sec. a definitive proxy statement/prospectus will also be sent to the suffolk shareholders seeking any required shareholder approval.  this communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval.  before making any voting or investment decision, investors and security holders of suffolk are urged to carefully read the entire registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus, when they become available, and any other relevant documents filed with the sec, as well as any amendments or supplements to these documents, because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction.  the documents filed by people's united and suffolk with the sec may be obtained free of charge at the sec's website at www.sec.gov.  in addition, the documents filed by people's united may be obtained free of charge from people's united at www.peoples.com under the tab "investor relations" and then under the heading "financial information", and the documents filed by suffolk may be obtained free of charge from suffolk at www.scnb.com under the tab "investor relations" and then under the tab "sec filings." alternatively, these documents, when available, can be obtained free of charge from people's united upon written request to people's united financial, inc., 850 main street, bridgeport, connecticut 06604, attn: investor relations, or by calling 203.338.4581, or from suffolk upon written request to suffolk bancorp, 4 west second street, riverhead, new york 11901, attn: investor relations, or by calling (631) 208-2400.   people's united and suffolk and certain of their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders of suffolk in favor of the approval of the merger.  information regarding people's united's directors and executive officers is contained in people's united's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015 and its proxy statement on schedule 14a, dated march 11, 2016, which are filed with the sec.  information regarding suffolk's directors and executive officers is contained in suffolk's annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015 and its proxy statement on schedule 14a, dated april 6, 2016, which are filed with the sec.  additional information regarding the interests of those participants and other persons who may be deemed participants in the transaction may be obtained by reading the registration statement and the proxy statement/prospectus when they become available.  free copies of these documents may be obtained as described in the preceding paragraph.
toms river, n.j. and ocean city, n.j., july 13, 2016 (globe newswire) -- oceanfirst financial corp. (“oceanfirst”) (nasdaq:ocfc), headquartered in toms river, new jersey, and ocean shore holding co. (“ocean shore”) (nasdaq:oshc), headquartered in ocean city, new jersey, jointly announced today that they have entered into a definitive agreement and plan of merger pursuant to which ocean shore, the holding company and parent of ocean city home bank, will merge with and into oceanfirst, the holding company and parent of oceanfirst bank. ocean city home bank will also merge with and into oceanfirst bank. the transaction is valued at approximately $22.47 per ocean shore common share or approximately $145.6 million in the aggregate.   ocean shore logo.jpg         with roots dating back to 1887, ocean city home bank is one of southern new jersey’s oldest and largest community banks with approximately $1.1 billion in total assets, $818 million in total deposits and $796 million in gross loans. ocean shore operates 11 full-service banking centers in atlantic and cape may counties. following oceanfirst’s recently completed acquisition of cape bancorp, inc., the proposed transaction will further enrich oceanfirst’s distribution, scale and core deposit funding base, as it presents an exceptionally rare opportunity to combine two well-established, like-minded new jersey franchises.  oceanfirst will strengthen its position as the largest bank headquartered in central and southern new jersey and rank as the fourth largest new jersey based banking institution by deposit market share.  based on financial information as of march 31, 2016, and pro forma for the cape transaction, the combined institution would have approximately $5.3 billion in total assets, $4.0 billion in total deposits, $4.0 billion in gross loans and 61 full-service banking locations.  under the terms of the merger agreement, which has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies, upon completion of the merger, shareholders of ocean shore common stock will be entitled to receive $4.35 in cash and 0.9667 shares of oceanfirst common stock for each share of ocean shore common stock. the transaction is expected to close late fourth quarter of 2016 or early first quarter of 2017, subject to each company receiving the required approval of its shareholders, receipt of all required regulatory approvals and fulfillment of other customary closing conditions.  the purchase price equates to 132% of ocean shore’s march 31, 2016 tangible book value, 4.9% premium to core deposits, 20.1x ocean shore’s trailing twelve month earnings, and 9.3x ocean shore’s estimated 2017 (forward) earnings (assuming fully phased-in cost savings). tangible book value per common share is expected to be diluted by approximately 3.1% at closing with a projected earnback period of approximately 3.7 years using the cross-over1 method.  the transaction includes strong earnings per share accretion of approximately 5.4% in 2018 (the first full year of combined operations and synergies) in addition to the projected double-digit earnings accretion from the cape bancorp, inc. transaction. the combined company will be structured to support enhanced financial return targets of greater than 1.05% return on average assets and greater than 13.0% return on average tangible common equity along with remaining “well-capitalized” under regulatory guidelines.  oceanfirst expects to incur pre-tax merger and integration costs of approximately $19 million and to achieve cost savings of approximately 53% of ocean shore’s non-interest expenses or $12.4 million if 2017 cost savings were to be fully phased in.   “we are excited to welcome ocean city home bank customers and employees to the oceanfirst family. our two institutions have developed our respective community banks with a consistent vision, effectively sharing similar histories.  with our mutual understanding of our community bank business models and local market focus, oceanfirst and ocean shore can leverage this synergy to create one of the most highly valued banking institutions in the mid-atlantic region,” said christopher d. maher, president and chief executive officer of oceanfirst.  mr. maher further commented, “this transaction represents a unique opportunity for oceanfirst to capitalize on its recent entry into southern new jersey through the acquisition of an extremely valuable deposit franchise coupled with significant efficiencies and low execution risk. ocean shore’s residential focus creates strategic optionality for prudent commercial real estate growth with strong cash flows.  we look forward to continuing to provide extraordinary customer care to all oceanfirst and ocean shore customers, as well as providing enhanced value to our stockholders.”  steven e. brady, president and chief executive officer of ocean shore, echoed mr. maher’s comments stating, “the combination with oceanfirst provides several strategic benefits for all ocean shore stakeholders, including improved operating scale, access to additional product lines and increased shareholder liquidity.”  mr. brady added that “while this merger solidifies the pro forma bank’s jersey shore dominance, it also provides ocean shore the opportunity to capitalize on oceanfirst’s considerable expansion efforts toward the demographically attractive philadelphia metro market - a natural market extension for ocean shore’s franchise as well.”  to provide for additional representation for oceanfirst’s southern new jersey market area, upon completion of the transaction, three current ocean shore board members are expected to join the oceanfirst board, including mr. brady.  mr. brady will also be named vice chairman for the southern new jersey division, to serve in an advisory capacity for oceanfirst, where he will provide insight from his extensive banking and professional experience.   piper jaffray & co. is serving as financial advisor to oceanfirst and rendered a fairness opinion to oceanfirst’s board of directors in connection with the transaction. skadden, arps, slate, meagher & flom llp is serving as legal counsel to oceanfirst. sandler o’neill + partners, l.p. is serving as financial advisor to ocean shore and rendered a fairness opinion to ocean shore’s board of directors in connection with the transaction. kilpatrick townsend & stockton llp is serving as legal counsel to ocean shore.   conference call  oceanfirst will host a conference call to discuss the transaction on wednesday, july 13, 2016 at 11:00 a.m. eastern time.  the direct dial number for the call is 1-888-338-7143. the presentation will be available for download by visiting oceanfirst’s web address:  www.oceanfirst.com – investor relations.  for those unable to participate in the conference call, a replay will be available.  to access the replay, dial 1-877-344-7529, replay conference number 10089728 from one hour after the end of the call until october 13, 2016. the conference call will also be available via the internet by accessing oceanfirst’s web address: www.oceanfirst.com – investor relations.  web users should go to the site at least fifteen minutes prior to the call to register, download and install any necessary software.  a copy of the slide presentation will also be available on the website by going to investor relations and clicking on presentations.  about oceanfirst financial corp.  oceanfirst financial corp.’s subsidiary, oceanfirst bank, founded in 1902, is a community bank with $4.2 billion in assets and 50 branches located throughout central and southern new jersey.  oceanfirst bank delivers commercial and residential financing solutions, wealth management, and deposit services and is the largest and oldest community-based financial institution headquartered in ocean county, new jersey.  about ocean shore holding co.  ocean shore holding co. (oshc) is the holding company for ocean city home bank. founded in 1887, ocean city home bank operates 11 branch offices throughout cape may and atlantic counties in new jersey. ocean city home bank places a strong emphasis on obtaining deposits by offering checking account products and services for consumers, businesses, municipalities and local boards of education. additionally, ocean city home bank provides savings accounts designed to fit any need. ocean city home bank also provides a full menu of residential, consumer and commercial lending options. the goal at ocean city home bank is to develop a strong relationship with customers by continually offering innovative products and services that will fill all their financial needs. ocean city home bank works diligently every day to earn its reputation as “the bank people trust.”  
july 21, 2016 16:10:00 utc exxonmobil to pay $45 per share plus additional cash payment based on elk-antelope resource size boards of directors of both companies unanimously approve terms of agreement acquisition adds to exxonmobil resources in successful papua new guinea business oil search transaction terminated exxon mobil corporation (nyse: xom) and interoil corporation (nyse: ioc, pomsox: ioc) today announced an agreed transaction worth more than $2.5 billion, under which exxonmobil will acquire all of the outstanding shares of interoil (the exxonmobil transaction).  this smart news release features multimedia. view the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20160721006048/en/  “this agreement will enable exxonmobil to create value for the shareholders of both companies and the people of papua new guinea,” said rex w. tillerson, chairman and chief executive officer of exxon mobil corporation.  “interoil’s resources will enhance exxonmobil’s already successful business in papua new guinea and bolster the company’s strong position in liquefied natural gas.”  interoil chairman chris finlayson said, “our board of directors thoroughly reviewed the exxonmobil transaction and concluded that it delivers superior value to interoil shareholders. they will also benefit from their interest in exxonmobil’s diverse asset base and dividend stream.”  under the terms of the agreement with exxonmobil, interoil shareholders will receive:  a payment of $45.00 per share of interoil, paid in exxonmobil shares, at closing. the number of exxonmobil shares paid per share of interoil will be calculated based on the volume weighted average price (vwap) of exxonmobil shares over a measuring period of 10 days ending shortly before the closing date (share consideration). a contingent resource payment (crp), which will be an additional cash payment of $7.07 per share for each trillion cubic feet equivalent (tcfe) gross resource certification of the elk-antelope field above 6.2 tcfe, up to a maximum of 10 tcfe. the crp will be paid on the completion of the interim certification process in accordance with the share purchase agreement with total sa, which will include the antelope-7 appraisal well, scheduled to be drilled later in 2016. the crp will not be transferrable and will not be listed on any exchange. together the share consideration and the crp represent a material premium to the closing price of interoil shares on may 19, 2016 -- the day prior to the announcement of the oil search transaction -- based on a range of elk-antelope resource estimates:   	 		 	 		 	 		 	 		 	 	 tcfe			6.2			7.0			8.0			9.0			10.0  	 	 	(base volume)	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	(cap) share consideration value	 	 	$ 45.00	 	 	$ 45.00	 	 	$ 45.00	 	 	$ 45.00	 	 	$ 45.00 crp – potential value1	 	 	$ 0.00	 	 	$ 5.66	 	 	$ 12.73	 	 	$ 19.80	 	 	$ 26.87 aggregate consideration (us$/share)  	 	$ 45.00	 	 	$ 50.66	 	 	$ 57.73	 	 	$ 64.80	 	 	$ 71.87 premium to may 19 close2	 	 	42.2 %	 	 	60.1 %	 	 	82.4 %	 	 	104.7 %	 	 	127.1 % premium to 1-month vwap3	 	 	41.2 %	 	 	58.9 %	 	 	81.1 %	 	 	103.2 %	 	 	125.4 % premium to 3-month vwap4	 	 	48.2 %	 	 	66.8 %	 	 	90.1 %	 	 	113.4 %	 	 	136.6 % 1  	 represents potential future payment at given certified resource level; not discounted to present value. 2 based on interoil’s closing price of us$31.65 per share as of may 19, 2016, prior to announcement of the oil search transaction. 3 based on interoil’s 1-month vwap up to and including may 19, 2016 of us$31.88 per share. 4 based on interoil’s 3-month vwap up to and including may 19, 2016 of us$30.37 per share.   compelling benefits of the transaction  when concluded, this transaction will give exxonmobil access to interoil’s resource base, which includes interests in six licenses in papua new guinea covering about four million acres, including prl 15. the elk-antelope field in prl 15 is the anchor field for the proposed papua lng project.  exxonmobil’s more than 40 years of experience in the global lng business enables it to efficiently link complex elements such as resource development, pipelines, liquefaction plants, shipping and regasification terminals, which it has demonstrated through the png lng project, working closely with co-venturers, national, provincial and local governments, and local communities. exxonmobil will bring to bear its industry-leading performance and strong commitment to excellence as it grows its business in papua new guinea.  the png lng project, the first of its kind in the country, was developed by exxonmobil in challenging conditions on budget and ahead of schedule and is now exceeding production design capacity, demonstrating the company’s leadership in project management and operations.  exxonmobil will work with co-venturers and the government to evaluate processing of gas from the elk-antelope field by expanding the png lng project. this would take advantage of synergies offered by expansion of an existing project to realize time and cost reductions that would benefit the png treasury, the government’s holding in oil search, other shareholders and landowners.  path to completion  the exxonmobil transaction has been unanimously approved by the boards of both companies. the interoil board unanimously recommends that interoil shareholders approve the exxonmobil transaction.  the exxonmobil transaction will be implemented by way of a court-approved plan of arrangement under the business corporations act (yukon) and will require the approval of at least 66 2/3 percent of the votes cast by interoil shareholders at a special meeting expected to take place in september, 2016.  in addition to interoil shareholder and court approvals, the exxonmobil transaction is also subject to other customary conditions. subject to obtaining the aforementioned approvals and satisfaction of closing conditions, the exxonmobil transaction is expected to close in september, 2016.  further information regarding the transaction with exxonmobil will be included in an information circular, which will be mailed to interoil shareholders in due course. copies of the key transaction documents for the exxonmobil transaction (being the arrangement agreement and the information circular) will be available online under interoil’s corporate profile at www.sedar.com.  oil search transaction  the interoil board of directors, in consultation with its independent legal and financial advisors, determined that the exxonmobil transaction is superior to the previously announced transaction with oil search limited (asx:osh, pomsox: osh) and so advised oil search on july 18, 2016. immediately prior to entering into the arrangement agreement with exxonmobil, interoil terminated its previously announced arrangement agreement with oil search, and exxonmobil is paying oil search the termination fee in accordance with the requirements of the oil search arrangement agreement on behalf of interoil. the previously scheduled special meeting of shareholders to vote for the approval of the oil search transaction has been cancelled.  advisers  davis polk & wardwell llp and blake, cassels & graydon llp served as legal advisers to exxonmobil in relation to the exxonmobil transaction.  credit suisse (australia) limited, morgan stanley & co. llc and ubs served as financial advisers to interoil in relation to the exxonmobil transaction, and wachtell, lipton, rosen & katz and goodmans served as its legal advisers. morgan stanley & co. llc provided the interoil board with a fairness opinion.  about exxonmobil  exxonmobil, the largest publicly traded international oil and gas company, uses technology and innovation to help meet the world’s growing energy needs. exxonmobil holds an industry-leading inventory of resources and is one of the world’s largest integrated refiners, marketers of petroleum products and chemical manufacturers. for more information, visit www.exxonmobil.com or follow us on twitter www.twitter.com/exxonmobil.  about interoil  interoil corporation is an independent oil and gas business with a sole focus on papua new guinea. interoil’s assets include one of asia’s largest undeveloped gas fields, elk-antelope, in the gulf province, and exploration licenses covering about 16,000 square kilometers. its main offices are in singapore and port moresby. interoil is listed on the new york and port moresby stock exchanges.
apollo commercial real estate finance, inc. (“ari”) (nyse:ari) and apollo residential mortgage, inc. (“amtg”) (nyse:amtg) today announced the aggregate consideration to be paid in connection with the acquisition of amtg by ari, which values amtg as of july 22, 2016 (the “pricing date”) at approximately $13.83 per share of common stock. the value of the consideration as of the pricing date represents a premium of approximately 36% to the closing price of amtg’s shares of common stock on february 25, 2016, the day prior to the announcement of the transaction.   amtg common stockholders will receive 0.417571 shares of ari common stock per each share of amtg common stock and approximately $6.86 per share in cash, based upon amtg’s book value per share of common stock on the pricing date of $15.52. the total per share consideration to be paid for each share of amtg common stock, and the total aggregate consideration to be paid by ari for amtg, is subject to change based on changes in trading price of ari common stock through the closing of the transaction.   the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions, including the approval of the transaction by the holders of at least a majority of (i) the outstanding shares of amtg common stock and (ii) the outstanding shares of amtg common stock beneficially owned by persons unaffiliated with apollo global management, llc as of july 12, 2016. a special meeting of amtg stockholders will be held on august 24, 2016 at the offices of latham & watkins llp, 885 third avenue, new york, new york, 10022, commencing at 9:00 a.m., local time, in order to consider the proposals in connection with the acquisition.   additional information for amtg stockholders   in connection with the proposed transaction, the parties filed relevant materials with the securities and exchange commission (“sec”), including a registration statement on form s-4 filed on july 25, 2016, that contains a joint proxy statement/prospectus. before making any voting or investment decision, stockholders of amtg are urged to read the prospectus and proxy statement and other relevant materials in their entirety because these materials contain important information about amtg, ari and the transaction. these materials will be made available to the stockholders of amtg at no expense to them and are expected to be mailed to stockholders beginning on july 27, 2016. the form s-4, including the prospectus and proxy statement, and other relevant materials filed by ari and amtg with the sec may be obtained without charge from the website of the sec at www.sec.gov. copies of the documents filed by amtg with the sec are also available free of charge on amtg’s website at www.apolloresidentialmortgage.com, and copies of the documents filed by ari with the sec are available free of charge on ari’s website at www.apolloreit.com.   this communication is for informational purposes only and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.   participants in the solicitation   amtg and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of management and employees of amtg may be deemed to be “participants” in the solicitation of proxies from the stockholders of amtg in connection with the proposed transaction. stockholders can find information about amtg and its directors and executive officers and their ownership of amtg’s common stock in amtg’s annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2015. additional information regarding the participants and description of their interests, by security holdings or otherwise, is contained in the form s-4 and the proxy statement/prospectus regarding the merger transaction filed by ari with the sec on july 25, 2016. these documents may be obtained free of charge from the sec’s website at www.sec.gov and amtg’s website at www.apolloresidentialmortgage.com.   about apollo commercial real estate finance, inc.   apollo commercial real estate finance, inc. (nyse: ari) is a real estate investment trust that primarily originates, invests in, acquires and manages performing commercial real estate first mortgage loans, subordinate financings, commercial mortgage-backed securities and other commercial real estate-related debt investments. ari is externally managed and advised by acrefi management, llc, a delaware limited liability company and an indirect subsidiary of apollo global management, llc, a leading global alternative investment manager with approximately $172.5 billion of assets under management at march 31, 2016.   additional information can be found on ari’s website at www.apolloreit.com.   about apollo residential mortgage, inc.   apollo residential mortgage, inc. is a real estate investment trust that invests in and manages residential mortgage-backed securities and other residential mortgage assets throughout the united states. amtg is externally managed and advised by arm manager, llc, a delaware limited liability company and an indirect subsidiary of apollo global management, llc (nyse:apo), a leading global alternative investment manager with approximately $172.5 billion of assets under management at march 31, 2016.   additional information can be found on amtg’s website at www.apolloresidentialmortgage.com.   
transocean to acquire transocean partners   - transocean (rig) and transocean partners (rigp) announced that transocean has agreed to acquire all of the outstanding common units of transocean partners not already owned by transocean in a share-for-unit merger transaction. in the merger, transocean partners common unitholders will receive 1.1427 transocean shares for each transocean partners common unit. the transocean partners unit price implied by the exchange ratio represents a 15% premium to transocean partners' closing price on july 29, 2016. transocean expects to issue approximately 22.7m shares in the merger. completion of the transaction is conditioned upon approval by transocean partners' common unitholders and is anticipated to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. following completion of the transaction, transocean partners will be 100% owned by transocean and therefore transocean will have indirectly acquired the 51% ownership interests in the discoverer inspiration, the discoverer clear leader and the development driller iii that are currently owned by transocean partners. additionally, transocean partners' common units will cease to be publicly traded on the nyse. the transaction is subject to the approval of the holders of transocean partners' common units pursuant to its limited liability company agreement. as transocean has already committed to voting its approximately 21.3m common units in favor of the merger, a vote in favor of the merger by approximately 9.9 million (or approximately 50.1%) of the approximately 19.7m common units not held by transocean will be required to approve the merger. subject to customary approvals and conditions, the transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2016. the transaction is expected to generally be non-taxable to transocean partners common unitholders. the transaction was negotiated on behalf of transocean partners by the conflicts committee of its board of directors, which is comprised of the members of its board of directors who are independent and unaffiliated with transocean. transocean partners' minimum quarterly distribution of $0.3625 per unit for the third quarter of 2016 is expected to be paid in the fourth quarter.  
  globalwafers and sunedison semiconductor announce definitive agreement    -- globalwafers to pay us$12.00 per share in cash for sunedison       semiconductor ordinary shares     -- transaction valued at us$683 million, including sunedison semiconductor       outstanding net indebtedness   hsinchu, taiwan and st. peters, mo., aug. 17, 2016 (globe newswire) -- globalwafers co., ltd. ("globalwafers") and sunedison semiconductor limited (nasdaq:semi) ("sunedison semiconductor"), both leaders in the manufacture and sale of silicon wafers to the semiconductor industry, announced today that they have entered into a definitive agreement for the acquisition by globalwafers, through a wholly owned subsidiary, of all of the outstanding ordinary shares of sunedison semiconductor in a transaction valued at us$683 million, including sunedison semiconductor outstanding net indebtedness. under the terms of the agreement, sunedison semiconductor shareholders will receive us$12.00 per share in cash for each ordinary share held, representing a 78.6% premium to the average closing price of sunedison semiconductor's common stock for the 30 trading days prior to this announcement and a 44.9% premium to the closing price of sunedison semiconductor's ordinary shares as of august 17, 2016, the last trading day prior to this announcement.  the transaction has been unanimously approved by both globalwafers' and sunedison semiconductor's boards of directors.   the transaction will be structured as a scheme of arrangement under singapore law, and is subject to the approval of the shareholders of sunedison semiconductor, as well as other customary conditions including approvals from relevant regulatory authorities and the high court of the republic of singapore.  sunedison semiconductor has requested and obtained a waiver from the securities industry council of singapore of the application of the singapore code on take-overs and mergers to the scheme of arrangement.   "we are very excited by this transaction," said doris hsu, chairperson and ceo of globalwafers.  "we believe this combination is unique in that it merges two of the market's key suppliers with minimal overlap in customers, products and production capacities.  the combined company will bring together globalwafers' unparalleled operating model and market strengths with sunedison semiconductor's expansive global footprint and product development capabilities.  we will remain focused on our customers and will strengthen and build on our product offerings to deliver even greater value to our customers and shareholders," hsu concluded.   "we are pleased to have reached an agreement that delivers a significant premium to our shareholders," said shaker sadasivam, president and chief executive officer of sunedison semiconductor.  "we believe this transaction is in the best interest of our company.  we look forward to a smooth process to facilitate an efficient closing, which we hope can occur before the end of the year."   globalwafers will finance the transaction, including payment of the purchase price and payment of sunedison semiconductor's debt facilities at closing, through existing cash on hand and committed acquisition financing from the bank of taiwan, hua nan commercial bank, mega international bank, taipei fubon bank, and taishin international bank.   globalwafers expects a number of strategic and operational benefits from this transaction, including:    -- meaningful expansion of globalwafers' production capabilities     -- greater breadth in globalwafers' product and global customer base,       including greater access to the e.u. and korea, as well as soi product       technologies     -- significant increase in globalwafers' financial scale   advisors   nomura securities is acting as sole financial advisor to globalwafers, and white & case llp is acting as legal advisor to globalwafers. barclays is acting as financial advisor to sunedison semiconductor, and bryan cave llp and rajah & tann singapore llp are acting as legal advisors to sunedison semiconductor.  australia and new zealand banking group limited is acting as independent financial advisor to the directors of sunedison semiconductor with respect to the scheme of arrangement under singapore law.   about globalwafers   headquartered in hsinchu, taiwan, globalwafers is one of the six largest silicon wafer manufacturers in the world.  founded in 1981, it was the semiconductor business unit of sas (sino-american silicon product inc.) and spun off as globalwafers co., ltd. in 2011.  specializing in 3" to 12" silicon wafer manufacturing, product applications extend through power management, automotive, it and mems.  globalwafers operates out of nine facilities in taiwan, china, usa, japan, denmark, and poland. globalwafers is listed on the taipei exchange.   about sunedison semiconductor   sunedison semiconductor is a global leader in the manufacture and sale of silicon wafers to the semiconductor industry. for over 55 years, sunedison semiconductor has been a pioneer in the design and development of silicon wafer technologies. with r&d and manufacturing facilities in the us, europe, and asia, sunedison semiconductor enables the next generation of high performance semiconductor devices. sunedison semiconductor's common stock is listed on the nasdaq omx global select market under the symbol "semi."   additional information and where you can find it   in connection with the proposed transaction, sunedison semiconductor will file a proxy statement with the us securities and exchange commission ("sec"). the proxy statement will be mailed to the shareholders of sunedison semiconductor. shareholders of sunedison semiconductor are urged to read the proxy statement when it becomes available and any other documents filed with the sec in connection with the proposed transaction or incorporated by reference in the proxy statement (if any) because they will contain important information.  the proxy statement (when it becomes available), and any other documents filed by sunedison semiconductor or globalwafers with the sec, may be obtained free of charge at the sec's website at www.sec.gov. shareholders are urged to read the proxy statement and the other relevant materials when they become available before making any decision with respect to the proposed transaction.   certain information concerning participants   each of globalwafers, sunedison semiconductor and their respective directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies from sunedison semiconductor shareholders in favor of the proposed transaction. globalwafers currently owns approximately 4.9% of the outstanding ordinary shares of sunedison semiconductor.  information about globalwafers and its directors and executive officers may be found in the schedule 14a filed by globalwafers with the sec on august 18, 2016. information about sunedison semiconductor's directors and executive officers and their ownership of sunedison semiconductor's ordinary shares is set forth in its proxy statement for its 2016 annual general meeting of shareholders and its most recent annual report on form 10-k.  additional information regarding the direct or indirect interests of participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the contemplated transactions, by security holdings or otherwise, will be included in the proxy statement and other materials to be filed with the sec in connection with the transaction. 
 by jenny strasburg      london -- an investment firm formed by former executives of deutsche bank ag and goldman sachs group inc. has agreed to buy cifc llc, a publicly traded credit-fund manager based in new york, for about $330 million in cash, according to people familiar with the matter.      the acquisition by newly formed f.a.b. partners is expected to be announced as soon as later friday, the people said.      cifc, with a market value of about $160 million, specializes in collateralized loan portfolios and is majority-owned by columbus nova, the us investment arm of the renova group, a russian conglomerate. cifc manages about $14 billion in debt investments.      the acquisition is the first deal by jersey-based f.a.b. partners, which was set up in recent months by former deutsche bank executives michele faissola and nizar al-bassam, along with dalinc ariburnu, who most recently was at goldman sachs.      f.a.b. is backed in the transaction by supreme universal holdings ltd., an investment arm of the qatari royal family, people familiar with the matter said.      f.a.b. aims to source and manage investments for clients including high-net-worth families and sovereign-wealth funds, according to the company's website. it has about a dozen clients, including the qatari royal family, one of the people said.      mr. faissola left deutsche bank last year after overseeing its global-asset and wealth-management business. mr. al-bassam until earlier this year oversaw deutsche bank's financing-solutions business for a large part of europe, the middle east and africa. mr. ariburnu this year left goldman sachs, where he was global co-head of sales for fixed income, currencies and commodities. he previously worked at deutsche bank.      cifc shareholders have voted in favor of the deal with f.a.b., according to one person familiar with the transaction.      write to jenny strasburg at jenny.strasburg@wsj.com 
merger will enhance ability to serve outdoor enthusiasts with complementary product offerings and geographic footprints  cabela’s shareholders will receive $65.50 per share in cash  bass pro shops entering into multi-year credit card partnership with capital one  bass pro shops and cabela’s club customer loyalty programs remain unchanged  bass pro shops and cabela’s incorporated (nyse:cab), two iconic american outdoor companies with similar humble origins, and with a shared goal to better serve those who love the outdoors, today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which bass pro shops will acquire cabela’s for $65.50 per share in cash, representing an aggregate transaction value of approximately $5.5 billion.  in addition, upon closing bass pro shops will commence a multi-year partnership agreement with capital one, national association, a wholly-owned national banking subsidiary of capital one financial corporation (nyse: cof), under which capital one will originate and service the cabela’s club, cabela’s co-branded credit card, and bass pro shops will maintain a seamless integration between the credit card program and the combined companies’ retail operations and deep customer relationships. all cabela’s club points and bass pro shops outdoor rewards points will be unaffected by the transactions and customers can continue to use their credit cards as they were prior to the transaction. capital one intends to continue to operate the cabela’s club servicing center in lincoln, nebraska.  a driving force behind this agreement is the highly complementary business philosophies, product offerings, expertise and geographic footprints of the two businesses. the essence of both bass pro shops and cabela’s is a deep passion to serve outdoor enthusiasts and support conservation. the combination brings together three of the nation's premier sporting brands: cabela’s, a leader in hunting; bass pro shops, a leader in fishing; and white river marine group, a worldwide leader in boating, which is part of bass pro shops.  bass pro shops, cabela’s and white river marine group represent the best of american entrepreneurship, innovation and devotion to customers. the combined companies will strive to provide a remarkably enhanced experience for customers, increased opportunities for team members and greater support for conservation activities.  cabela’s  founded in 1961 by dick, mary and jim cabela, cabela’s is a highly respected marketer of hunting, fishing, camping, shooting sports and related outdoor merchandise. today, cabela’s has over 19,000 “outfitters” operating 85 specialty retail stores, primarily in the western us and canada. cabela’s stores, catalog business and e-commerce operations will blend seamlessly with bass pro shops and white river marine group. over the past 55 years cabela’s has built a passionate and loyal base of millions of enthusiasts who shop both at its retail stores and online.  bass pro shops  bass pro shops, founded in 1972 by avid young angler johnny morris, is a leading national retailer of outdoor gear and apparel, with 99 stores and tracker marine centers located primarily in the eastern part of the us and canada. morris started the business with eight square feet of space in the back of his father's liquor store in springfield, mo., the company’s sole location for the first 13 years of business. johnny’s passion for the outdoors and his feel for the products and shopping experiences desired by outdoor enthusiasts helped transform the industry. bass pro shops, which employs approximately 20,000 team members, has been named by forbes as one of "america's best employers." the company also operates big cedar lodge, america’s premier wilderness resort, welcoming more than one million guests annually to missouri’s ozark mountains.  white river marine group  in 1978, morris revolutionized the marine industry when he introduced the world's first professionally rigged and nationally marketed boat, motor and trailer packages. tracker quickly became and has remained the number one selling fishing boat brand in america for the last 37 years running. white river marine group offers an unsurpassed collection of industry-leading brands including tracker boats, sun tracker, nitro, tahoe, regency, mako, ranger, triton and stratos.  management commentary  "today's announcement marks an exceptional opportunity to bring together three special companies with an abiding love for the outdoors and a passion for serving sportsmen and sportswomen," said johnny morris, founder and ceo of bass pro shops. "the story of each of these companies could only have happened in america, made possible by our uniquely american free enterprise system. we have enormous admiration for cabela’s, its founders and outfitters, and its loyal base of customers. we look forward to continuing to celebrate and grow the cabela’s brand alongside bass pro shops and white river as one unified outdoor family.”  "cabela’s is pleased to have found the ideal partner in bass pro shops," said tommy millner, cabela’s chief executive officer. "having undertaken a thorough strategic review, during which we assessed a wide variety of options to maximize value, the board unanimously concluded that this combination with bass pro shops is the best path forward for cabela’s, its shareholders, outfitters and customers. in addition to providing significant immediate value to our shareholders, this partnership provides a unique platform from which our brand will be extremely well positioned to continue to serve outdoor enthusiasts worldwide for generations to come."  "this opportunity would not be possible without the contributions of the many wonderful cabela’s, bass pro shops and white river team members,” morris said. “all three companies are blessed to have been built by the extraordinary efforts of many tremendously talented, dedicated people throughout our respective histories, and we're thrilled to consider what the combined team can achieve going forward.”  following the closing of the transaction, bass pro shops intends to celebrate and grow the cabela’s brand and will build on qualities that respective customers love most about cabela’s and bass pro shops. in addition, bass pro shops recognizes the strength of cabela’s club loyalty program and intends to honor cabela’s customer rewards and sees potential over time to expand the program in the combined company.  bass pro shops appreciates and understands the deep ties between cabela’s and the community of sidney, nebraska. dick, mary and jim cabela founded their company in sidney in 1961, and the company has flourished with its base of operations there ever since. bass pro shops intends to continue to maintain important bases of operations in sidney and lincoln and hopes to continue the very favorable connections to those communities and the cabela’s team members residing there.  bass pro shops founder and ceo johnny morris will continue as ceo and majority shareholder of the new entity, which will remain a private company with a continuing long-term view of supporting the industry and conservation. morris earned a reputation as a leading retailer and conservationist. in 2008, the national retail federation named him as retail innovator of the year. in 2015, the same organization named him as one of 25 people shaping the future of retail in america. in 2012, the association of fish and wildlife agencies named morris citizen conservationist of the year.  “conservation is at the heart and soul of bass pro shops. bass pro shops and cabela’s share a steadfast belief that the future of our industry, and the outdoor sports we all love, depends - more than anything else - on how we manage our natural resources,” said morris. “by combining our efforts, we can have a profound positive impact on the conservation challenges of our day and help foster the next generation of outdoor enthusiasts.”  preferred financing  bass pro shops is proud to have secured preferred equity financing from the merchant banking division of goldman sachs and pamplona to facilitate the transaction. goldman sachs has committed $1.8 billion and pamplona has committed $600 million for a total preferred financing commitment of $2.4 billion.  the merchant banking division of goldman sachs is one of the leading private equity investors in the world, focusing on assisting large, high-quality companies with best-in-class management teams to achieve their growth objectives. the division brings significant experience and a strong track record of success in supporting industry-leading founder-led businesses. pamplona capital management is a new york and london based specialist investment manager established in 2005. pamplona is currently managing its fourth private equity fund, pamplona capital partners iv, lp, which was raised in 2014. pamplona invests long-term capital across the capital structure of its portfolio companies in both public and private market situations.  transaction details  the transaction provides cabela’s shareholders with a premium of 19.2% to cabela’s closing share price on sep. 30, 2016, the day prior to announcement of the transaction, 39.7% to the closing share price on dec. 1, 2015, the day before cabela’s announced its exploration of strategic alternatives and 57.1% to the 90-day volume weighted trading average prior to dec. 1, 2015. immediately prior to closing, capital one will acquire certain assets and assume certain liabilities of cabela’s world’s foremost bank. the cash proceeds from this transaction will remain with cabela’s until it is acquired by bass pro shops.  the transaction agreements were unanimously approved by cabela’s board of directors following a comprehensive review of strategic and financial alternatives.  the transaction, which is expected to close in the first half of 2017, will be completed through a cash merger and is subject to approval by cabela’s shareholders, as well as regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.  j.p. morgan served as exclusive financial advisor to bass pro shops and latham & watkins served as bass pro shops’ legal counsel, with expert assistance from o’melveny & myers. goldman, sachs & co. served as financial advisor to the merchant banking division of goldman sachs and davis polk & wardwell llp served as legal advisor. goldman, sachs & co. also served as advisor to bass pro shops on the bank transaction, and morrison & foerster served as legal counsel. bofa merrill lynch, wells fargo securities llc, citigroup global markets inc., rbc capital markets, ubs securities llc, and goldman sachs are providing debt financing to support the transaction.  guggenheim securities served as exclusive financial advisor to cabela’s and sidley austin llp and koley jessen p.c., l.l.o. served as cabela’s legal counsel.  the kessler group and credit suisse acted as financial advisers to capital one and wachtell, lipton, rosen & katz and chapman and cutler acted as legal advisers.  additional information regarding the transaction and where to find it  this communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities of cabela’s incorporated (the “company”) or the solicitation of any vote or approval. this communication is being made in respect of the proposed merger transaction involving the company, bass pro group, llc (“bass pro group”) and a wholly-owned subsidiary of bass pro group. the proposed merger of the company will be submitted to the stockholders of the company for their consideration. in connection therewith, the company intends to file relevant materials with the securities and exchange commission (the “sec”), including a definitive proxy statement. however, such documents are not currently available. the definitive proxy statement will be mailed to the stockholders of the company. before making any voting or any investment decision, investors and security holders are urged to read the definitive proxy statement regarding the proposed transaction and any other relevant documents filed or to be filed with the sec carefully and in their entirety when they become available, because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction. investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the definitive proxy statement, any amendments or supplements thereto and other documents containing important information about the company, once such documents are filed with the sec, through the website maintained by the sec at www.sec.gov. copies of the documents filed with the sec by the company will be available free of charge on the company’s website at www.cabelas.com under the heading “sec filings” in the “investor relations” portion of the company’s website. stockholders of the company may also obtain a free copy of the definitive proxy statement and any filings with the sec that are incorporated by reference in the definitive proxy statement by contacting the company’s investor relations department at (308) 255-7428.  participants in the solicitation  the company and its directors, executive officers and certain other members of management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. information about the directors and executive officers of the company is set forth in its annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended january 2, 2016 and amendment no. 1 thereto, which were filed with the sec on february 22, 2016 and april 29, 2016, respectively, and in subsequent documents filed with the sec, each of which can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. other information regarding the participants in the proxy solicitation of the stockholders of the company and a description of their direct and indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be contained in the preliminary and definitive proxy statements and other relevant materials to be filed with the sec when they become available.
ge and baker hughes agree to create new fullstream digital industrial services company      october 31, 2016 10:00:00 utc  “new” baker hughes, a ge company, will be a leader in oil and gas productivity   highly complementary transaction combines ge’s oil and gas technology, manufacturing and digital platform with baker hughes’ oilfield services offerings and technologies  combination creates an unparalleled company positioned to deliver value for customers and investors  ge to own 62.5% and baker hughes shareholders to own 37.5% of the “new” baker hughes  ge to contribute $7.4 billion to fund the $17.50 per share special dividend to existing baker hughes shareholders  expected to be accretive to ge 2018 earnings per share by approximately $.04; synergies of $1.6 billion expected to be realized by 2020  lorenzo simonelli will be ceo, jeff immelt will be chairman and martin craighead will be vice chairman of the “new” baker hughes board of directors  ge (nyse:ge) and baker hughes (nyse:bhi) today announced that the companies have entered into an agreement to combine ge’s oil and gas business (“ge oil & gas”) and baker hughes to create a world-leading oilfield technology provider with a unique mix of service and equipment capabilities. the “new” baker hughes will be a leading equipment, technology and services provider in the oil and gas industry with $32 billion of combined revenue1 and operations in more than 120 countries. by drawing from ge technology expertise and baker hughes capabilities in oilfield services, the new company will provide best-in-class physical and digital technology solutions for customer productivity.   this smart news release features multimedia. view the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161031005488/en/   under the terms of the agreement, which has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies, at the closing of the transaction baker hughes shareholders will receive a special one-time cash dividend of $17.50 per share and 37.5% of the new company. ge will own 62.5% of the company. the transaction is expected to close in mid 2017.   “this transaction creates an industry leader, one that is ideally positioned to grow in any market. oil & gas customers demand more productive solutions. this can only be achieved through technical innovation and service execution, the hallmarks of ge and baker hughes,” said jeff immelt, chairman and chief executive officer of ge. “as we built the ge oil & gas business, i have always been impressed by the respect our customers have for baker hughes. ge oil & gas is a key ge business, one that fully leverages the ge store. as we go forward, this transaction accelerates our capability to extend the digital framework to the oil and gas industry. an oilfield service platform is essential to deliver digitally enabled offerings to our customers. we expect predix to become an industry standard and synonymous with improved customer outcomes. ge investors will benefit through ownership of a stronger business with substantial synergies and an improved competitive position. the transaction is expected to add approximately $.04 to ge eps in 2018, $.08 by 2020.”   martin craighead, chairman and chief executive officer at baker hughes said, “this compelling combination brings together best-in-class oilfield equipment manufacturing and services, and digital technology offerings for the benefit of all customers and stakeholders. the combination of our complementary assets will create a platform capable of seamless integration while we enhance our ability to deliver optimized and integrated solutions and increase touch points with our customers. in addition, baker hughes shareholders will receive a special one-time cash dividend of $17.50 per share and benefit from the upside of a stronger, larger business. with employees of baker hughes and ge oil & gas coming together, the new company will be an industry leader, well-positioned to compete in the oil and gas industry while pushing the boundaries of innovation for our customers.”   lorenzo simonelli, who is currently president and ceo of ge oil & gas said, “this transformative transaction will create a powerful force in the oil and gas market as we continue to drive long-term value for our customers and shareholders. this transaction is also exciting for employees of both companies. ge oil & gas and baker hughes are an exceptional cultural fit, sharing a commitment to exceeding customer expectations. both companies’ employees will benefit significantly from being part of a larger, stronger company that is positioned for long-term growth. we look forward to combining the digital solutions and technology from the ge store with the domain expertise of baker hughes and its culture of innovation in the oilfield services sector.”   compelling strategic and financial benefits of the transaction   complementary assets and integrated offerings will provide differentiated services for combined company’s customers. the company will combine the digital solutions, manufacturing expertise and technology from the ge store and the outstanding track record of success baker hughes has in the oilfield services sector. with combined revenue of over $32 billion1 the product portfolio of ge oil & gas and baker hughes in drilling, completions, production and midstream / downstream equipment and services will create the second largest player in the oilfield equipment and services industry. customers should expect sustainable innovation and integration that will deliver valuable outcomes. as one company, we will have operations in more than 120 countries. both companies have invested even in the downturn and have strong, complementary competitive scope across the industry. from ge’s fullstream oil and gas manufacturing and technology solutions spanning across subsea & drilling, rotating equipment, imaging and sensing to the baker hughes portfolio in drilling & evaluation and completion & production, the combined company will be moving beyond oilfield services and into oil and gas productivity solutions.  the combination produces substantial synergies through combined efficiency and growth. the companies expect to generate total runrate synergies of $1.6 billion by 2020, which has a net present value of $14 billion. while this is primarily driven by cost out, we believe that the new company is positioned for growth as the industry rebounds.  combination positioned to create value for baker hughes shareholders. the diversified portfolio can deliver through the oil and gas cycle. there is a large pool of synergies that will improve operating margins and drive organic growth. the “new” baker hughes has a strong balance sheet.  combination positioned to create value for ge shareholders. the transaction is expected to be accretive to ge’s earnings per share by $.04 by 2018 and $.08 by 2020. this is another step in creating the premium digital industrial company.  the “new” baker hughes is expected to be the partner and employer of choice for the industry. combination is an exceptional cultural fit. both companies’ employees will benefit significantly from being part of a larger, more diversified company.  1 based on 2015 combined revenue   financial structure   the transaction will be executed using a partnership structure, pursuant to which ge oil & gas and baker hughes will each contribute their operating assets to a newly formed partnership. ge will have a 62.5% interest in this partnership and existing baker hughes shareholders will have a 37.5% interest through a newly nyse listed corporation. baker hughes shareholders will also receive a special one-time cash dividend of $17.50 per share at closing. the $7.4 billion contributed by ge to the new partnership will be used to fund the cash dividend to existing baker hughes shareholders.   headquarters, management and board of directors   the “new” baker hughes will have dual headquarters in houston, texas and london, uk.   jeff immelt, chairman and ceo of ge will serve as chairman of the board of directors and lorenzo simonelli, president and ceo of ge oil & gas will serve as president and chief executive officer. martin craighead, baker hughes chairman and ceo, will serve as vice chairman of the board. the remainder of the executive leadership team will be a combination of existing leaders from both ge and baker hughes.   upon closing, the “new” baker hughes board will consist of nine directors: five of whom, including chairman jeff immelt will be appointed by ge and four, including vice chairman martin craighead will be appointed by baker hughes.   path to completion   the transaction is subject to approval by baker hughes shareholders, regulatory approvals, and other customary closing conditions.   ge and baker hughes are committed to working constructively with the relevant government regulators to achieve the necessary approvals.   advisors   centerview partners is serving as financial advisor to ge on the transaction. morgan stanley is also acting as financial advisor. shearman & sterling is acting as legal advisor to ge. goldman sachs & co. is serving as financial advisor to baker hughes. davis polk is acting as legal advisor to baker hughes.   conference call and webcast   ge and baker hughes will host a conference call and webcast at 8:30 am et/5:30 am pt on october 31, 2016 to discuss the transaction. the webcast and accompanying slides can be accessed on the internet at either www.ge.com/investor or www.bakerhughes.com. a replay of the conference call will be available on both companies’ websites following the call.   about ge   ge (nyse:ge) is the world’s digital industrial company, transforming industry with software-defined machines and solutions that are connected, responsive and predictive. ge is organized around a global exchange of knowledge, the "ge store," through which each business shares and accesses the same technology, markets, structure and intellect. each invention further fuels innovation and application across our industrial sectors. with people, services, technology and scale, ge delivers better outcomes for customers by speaking the language of industry. www.ge.com   about ge oil & gas   ge oil & gas is inventing the next industrial era in the oil and gas sector. in our labs and factories, and in the field, we constantly push the boundaries of technology to solve today’s toughest operational & commercial challenges. we have the skills, knowledge and technical expertise to bring together the physical and digital worlds to fuel the future. follow ge oil & gas on twitter @ge_oilandgas or visit us at www.geoilandgas.com   about baker hughes   baker hughes is a leading supplier of oilfield services, products, technology and systems to the worldwide oil and natural gas industry. the company’s 34,000 employees today work in more than 80 countries helping customers find, evaluate, drill, produce, transport and process hydrocarbon resources. for more information about baker hughes, visit: www.bakerhughes.com   additional information and where to find it   in connection with the proposed transaction between ge and baker hughes, the new nyse listed corporation (“newco”) will prepare and file with the sec a registration statement on form s-4 that will include a combined proxy statement/prospectus of newco and baker hughes (the “combined proxy statement/prospectus”). baker hughes and newco will prepare and file the combined proxy statement/prospectus with the sec, and baker hughes will mail the combined proxy statement/prospectus to its stockholders and file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the sec. this communication is not a substitute for any proxy statement, registration statement, proxy statement/prospectus or other documents baker hughes and/or newco may file with the sec in connection with the proposed transaction. investors and security holders are urged to read carefully and in their entirety the combined proxy statement/prospectus when it becomes available, any amendments or supplements to the combined proxy statement/prospectus, and other documents filed by baker hughes or newco with the sec in connection with the proposed transaction, because these documents will contain important information. investors and security holders will be able to obtain free copies of the combined proxy statement/prospectus and other documents filed with the sec by baker hughes and/or newco through the website maintained by the sec at www.sec.gov. investors and security holders will also be able to obtain free copies of the documents filed by newco and/or baker hughes with the sec on baker hughes’ website at http://www.bakerhughes.com or by contacting baker hughes investor relations at alondra.oteyza@bakerhughes.com or by calling +1-713-439-8822.   no offer or solicitation   this communication is for informational purposes only and not intended to and does not constitute an offer to subscribe for, buy or sell, the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for, buy or sell or an invitation to subscribe for, buy or sell any securities or the solicitation of any vote or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to or in connection with the proposed transaction or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. no offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements of section 10 of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and otherwise in accordance with applicable law.   participants in the solicitation   ge, baker hughes, newco, their respective directors, executive officers and other members of its management and employees may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction. information regarding the persons who may, under the rules of the sec, be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies in connection with the proposed transaction, including a description of their direct or indirect interests, by security holdings or otherwise, will be set forth in the combined proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials when it is filed with the sec. information regarding the directors and executive officers of ge is contained in ge’s proxy statement for its 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, filed with the sec on march 16, 2016, its annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015, which was filed with the sec on february 26, 2016, its quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended june 30, 2016, which was filed with the sec on august 1, 2016 and certain of its current reports filed on form 8-k. information regarding the directors and executive officers of baker hughes is contained in baker hughes’ proxy statement for its 2016 annual meeting of stockholders, filed with the sec on april 11, 2016, its annual report on form 10-k/a for the year ended december 31, 2015, which was filed with the sec on february 19, 2016, its quarterly report on form 10-q for the quarter ended september 30, 2016 which was filed with the sec on october 25, 2016 and certain of its current reports filed on form 8-k. these documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above.   caution concerning forward-looking statements   this communication contains “forward-looking” statements as that term is defined in section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended by the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, including statements regarding the proposed transaction between ge and baker hughes. all statements, other than historical facts, including statements regarding the expected timing and structure of the proposed transaction; the ability of the parties to complete the proposed transaction considering the various closing conditions; the expected benefits of the proposed transaction such as improved operations, enhanced revenues and cash flow, synergies, growth potential, market profile, customers’ business plans and financial strength; the competitive ability and position of the combined company following completion of the proposed transaction, including the projected impact on ge’s earnings per share; oil and natural gas market conditions; costs and availability of resources; legal, economic and regulatory conditions; and any assumptions underlying any of the foregoing, are forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements concern future circumstances and results and other statements that are not historical facts and are sometimes identified by the words “may,” “will,” “should,” “potential,” “intend,” “expect,” “endeavor,” “seek,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “overestimate,” “underestimate,” “believe,” “could,” “project,” “predict,” “continue,” “target” or other similar words or expressions. forward-looking statements are based upon current plans, estimates and expectations that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. the inclusion of such statements should not be regarded as a representation that such plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved. important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such plans, estimates or expectations include, among others, (1) that one or more closing conditions to the transaction, including certain regulatory approvals, may not be satisfied or waived, on a timely basis or otherwise, including that a governmental entity may prohibit, delay or refuse to grant approval for the consummation of the proposed transaction, may require conditions, limitations or restrictions in connection with such approvals or that the required approval by the stockholders of baker hughes may not be obtained; (2) the risk that the proposed transaction may not be completed in the time frame expected by ge or baker hughes, or at all; (3) unexpected costs, charges or expenses resulting from the proposed transaction; (4) uncertainty of the expected financial performance of the combined company following completion of the proposed transaction; (5) failure to realize the anticipated benefits of the proposed transaction, including as a result of delay in completing the proposed transaction or integrating the businesses of ge, baker hughes and newco; (6) the ability of the combined company to implement its business strategy; (7) difficulties and delays in achieving revenue and cost synergies of the combined company; (8) inability to retain and hire key personnel; (9) the occurrence of any event that could give rise to termination of the proposed transaction; (10) the risk that stockholder litigation in connection with the proposed transaction or other settlements or investigations may affect the timing or occurrence of the contemplated merger or result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability; (11) evolving legal, regulatory and tax regimes; (12) changes in general economic and/or industry specific conditions, including oil price changes; (13) actions by third parties, including government agencies; and (14) other risk factors as detailed from time to time in ge’s and baker hughes’ reports filed with the sec, including ge’s and baker hughes’ annual report on form 10-k, periodic quarterly reports on form 10-q, periodic current reports on form 8-k and other documents filed with the sec. the foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive.   any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this communication. neither ge nor baker hughes undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information or development, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements.      view source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161031005488/en/  for ge investors: matt cribbins, +1 203-373-2424 matthewg.cribbins@ge.com or media: jennifer erickson, +1 646-682-5620 jennifer.erickson@ge.com or stephanie cathcart, +1 202-549-6462 stephanie.cathcart@ge.com or michael freitag or kelly sullivan, +1 212-355-4449 joele frank, wilkinson brimmer katcher or for baker hughes investors: alondra oteyza, +1 713-439-8822 alondra.oteyza@bakerhughes.com or media: melanie kania, +1 713-439-8303 melanie.kania@bakerhughes.com    this release is posted at: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161031005488/en  copyright business wire 2016   s.bw .r1 bhi ge contragr.bw .ctrct energ.bw .energy merge.bw .ma .restruct oilga.bw .oil photomult.bw tx.bw .tx utils.bw .utilities .nyse
department of justice clears sale of cvent to vista equity partners tysons corner, va.--(business wire)--november 18, 2016--   cvent inc. ( nyse: cvt) ("cvent"), a leading cloud-based enterprise event management company, and vista equity partners ("vista"), a leading private equity firm focused on software, data and technology-enabled businesses, today announced that they have received notification from the us department of justice that the department of justice has concluded its investigation into the proposed acquisition of cvent by an affiliate of vista.   cvent and vista have agreed that all conditions to the completion of the merger have now been irrevocably satisfied and that the merger will be closed on or before november 29, 2016.   about cvent   cvent, inc. (nyse: cvt) is a leading cloud-based enterprise event management company, with approximately 16,000 customers and 2,000 employees worldwide. cvent offers software solutions to event planners for online event registration, venue selection, event management, mobile apps for events, email marketing, and web surveys. cvent provides hoteliers with an integrated platform, enabling properties to increase group business demand through targeted advertising and improve conversion through proprietary demand management and business intelligence solutions. cvent solutions optimize the entire event management value chain and have enabled clients around the world to manage hundreds of thousands of meetings and events. for more information, please visit cvent.com, or connect with us on facebook, twitter or linkedin.   about vista   vista, a us-based private equity firm with offices in austin, chicago and san francisco, with more than $20 billion in cumulative capital commitments, currently invests in software, data and technology-based organizations led by world-class management teams with long-term perspective. vista is a value-added investor, contributing professional expertise and multi-level support towards companies realizing their full potential. vista's investment approach is anchored by a sizable long-term capital base, experience in structuring technology-oriented transactions, and proven management techniques that yield flexibility and opportunity in private equity investing. for more information, please visit www.vistaequitypartners.com. 
cleveland and whippany, n.j., nov. 19, 2015 /prnewswire/ -- transdigm group incorporated ("transdigm") (nyse: tdg) and breeze-eastern corporation ("breeze-eastern") (nyse mkt: bzc) today announced a definitive merger agreement providing for breeze-eastern to become an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of transdigm. transdigm and breeze-eastern both design, manufacture and supply highly engineered aircraft components.  under the terms of the agreement, a subsidiary of transdigm will commence a tender offer to acquire all of the outstanding shares of breeze-eastern common stock for $19.61 per share in cash, in a transaction valued at approximately $206 million. following the purchase of shares through the tender offer, transdigm will complete the transaction by acquiring all remaining shares not acquired in the offer through a merger at the same price as the tender offer.  the transaction will be funded with transdigm's cash on hand and is not subject to any financing condition. the merger agreement was unanimously approved by the board of directors of breeze-eastern.  w. nicholas howley, chairman and chief executive officer of transdigm, stated, "breeze-eastern pioneered the technology for helicopter rescue hoists and cargo winches and subsequently became a leading global designer and manufacturer of highly engineered, proprietary rescue hoists, winches and cargo hooks, as well as weapons-handling systems equipment, which currently can be found on all types of military and civilian aircraft.  major customers include sikorsky, boeing, agustawestland, airbus and the us government, serving such platforms as the uh-60 blackhawk, ch-47 chinook, airbus a400m transport, hh-65 dolphin and aw-139 series helicopter. about 75% of breeze-eastern's total revenue is derived from military markets and 70% from aftermarket products, with the vast majority being from proprietary products. we are pleased to have an agreement to acquire breeze-eastern given that the proprietary nature of these products, along with significant aftermarket content, fits well with our overall business strategy."  brad pedersen, breeze-eastern's president and ceo, added, "we believe breeze-eastern will be an excellent addition to the transdigm portfolio of companies, as our products, business model, strategy and focus are closely aligned.  being part of a larger aerospace company will allow for further growth opportunities and provide resources for breeze-eastern to continue developing the highly engineered life-saving products that we're known for today.  on account of this, we believe the transaction positions breeze-eastern well for the future and is good news for breeze-eastern's stockholders, employees, customers and suppliers.   we are proud of our history and accomplishments and look forward to our future together with transdigm."  under the terms of the merger agreement, the parties anticipate that transdigm will commence a cash tender offer for all of the outstanding shares of breeze-eastern on or before december 3, 2015.  the tender offer will not be closed until conclusion of the "go shop" period described below.  transdigm's obligation to accept and purchase breeze-eastern common stock tendered pursuant to the offer will be subject to customary closing conditions, including the valid tender of a majority of the outstanding shares of breeze-eastern common stock and the expiration of the applicable waiting period under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act.    as contemplated by the merger agreement, breeze-eastern, with the assistance of its independent advisors, will solicit superior proposals from third parties during the next 40 days.  breeze-eastern does not anticipate disclosing any developments regarding this process unless and until its board of directors makes a decision with respect to a potential superior proposal.  there is no assurance that this process will result in a superior proposal.  transdigm will terminate its tender offer if breeze-eastern accepts a superior proposal and terminates the merger agreement in accordance with its terms.  advisors  baker & hostetler llp is acting as legal advisor to transdigm.  harris williams & co. is acting as financial advisor and freshfields bruckhaus deringer us llp is acting as legal advisor to breeze-eastern.  about transdigm  transdigm group, through its wholly-owned subsidiaries, is a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today.  major product offerings, substantially all of which are ultimately provided to end-users in the aerospace industry, include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices, specialized ac/dc electric motors and generators, nicad batteries and chargers, engineered latching and locking devices, rods and locking devices, engineered connectors and elastomers, cockpit security components and systems, specialized cockpit displays, aircraft audio systems, specialized lavatory components, seatbelts and safety restraints, engineered interior surfaces and related components, lighting and control technology, military personnel parachutes and cargo loading, handling and delivery systems.  about breeze-eastern corporation  breeze-eastern corporation is a leading global designer and manufacturer of high performance lifting and pulling devices for military and civilian aircraft, including rescue hoists, winches and cargo hooks, and weapons-lifting systems.  the company employs approximately 172 people at its facility in whippany, new jersey and in fredericksburg, virginia.  
november 21, 2016 14:20:00 utc  transaction expected to be immediately accretive to sxl distributable cash flow   sunoco logistics partners l.p. (nyse: sxl) and energy transfer partners, l.p. (nyse: etp) today announced that they have entered into a merger agreement providing for the acquisition of etp by sxl in a unit-for-unit transaction. the transaction was approved by the boards of directors and conflicts committees of both partnerships and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2017, subject to receipt of etp unitholder approval and other customary closing conditions.   this smart news release features multimedia. view the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161121005638/en/   under the terms of the transaction, etp unitholders will receive 1.5 common units of sxl for each common unit of etp they own. this equates to a 10% premium to the volume weighted average pricing of etp’s common units for the last 30 trading days immediately prior to the announcement of the transaction.   as sxl will be the acquiring entity, the existing incentive distribution rights provisions in the sxl partnership agreement will continue to be in effect, and energy transfer equity, l.p. (nyse: ete) will own the incentive distribution rights of sxl following the closing of the transaction. as part of this transaction, ete has agreed to continue to provide all the incentive distribution right subsidies that are currently in effect with respect to both partnerships. the transaction is expected to be immediately accretive to sxl’s distributable cash flow per common unit and is also expected to allow the combined partnership to be in position to achieve near-term distribution increases in the low double digits and a more than 1.0x distribution coverage ratio.   the transaction is expected to provide significant benefits for sxl and etp unitholders as the combined partnership will have increased scale and diversification across multiple producing basins and will have greater opportunities to more closely integrate sxl’s natural gas liquids business with etp’s natural gas gathering, processing and transportation business. with this transaction, sxl and etp expect to build upon their experience working together as partners in several joint ventures to pursue commercial opportunities and to achieve cost savings while enhancing the service capabilities for their customers. sxl and etp expect that the transaction will allow for commercial synergies and costs savings in excess of $200 million annually by 2019.   the transaction is also expected to strengthen the balance sheet of the combined organization by utilizing cash distribution savings to reduce debt and to fund a portion of the growth capital expenditure programs of the two partnerships. etp and sxl have spent approximately $15 billion in organic growth capital over the past several years, and these expenditures, combined with the completion of other major capital projects currently in progress, are expected to continue to generate strong distributable cash flow growth.   both etp and sxl management teams are pleased to be able to bring two strong partnerships together in this strategic transaction that combines the premier crude oil midstream mlp with the premier natural gas midstream mlp. the combined partnership is expected to be the second largest mlp as measured by enterprise value.   at the closing of the transaction, the chief executive officer, chief commercial officer, president and chief financial officer of the combined partnership will be kelcy warren, mackie mccrea, matt ramsey and tom long, respectively, and it is expected that mike hennigan and other members of the sxl management team will continue in leading management roles of the combined company with the sxl business headquartered in philadelphia.   sxl and etp will hold a joint conference call to discuss the transaction details on monday, november 21, 2016 at 3:00 p.m. central time (4:00 p.m. eastern time). an investor presentation will be posted to the partnerships’ websites and filed with the sec on a form 8-k.   the dial-in number for the call is 1-877-524-8416. the investor presentation and a live webcast of the call may be accessed on the investor relations page of sxl’s website at www.sunocologistics.com or etp’s website at www.energytransfer.com. the call will be available for replay on those sites or by dialing 1-877-660-6853. a replay of the broadcast will also be available on sxl’s and etp’s websites for a limited time.   advisors   latham & watkins llp acted as legal counsel to etp. vinson & elkins llp acted as legal counsel to sxl. barclays acted as financial advisor and potter anderson & corroon llp acted as legal counsel to etp’s conflicts committee. citi acted as financial advisor and richards layton & finger, p.a. acted as legal counsel to sxl’s conflicts committee.   about energy transfer partners   energy transfer partners, l.p. (nyse: etp) is a master limited partnership that owns and operates one of the largest and most diversified portfolios of energy assets in the united states. etp’s subsidiaries include panhandle eastern pipe line company, lp (the successor of southern union company) and lone star ngl llc, which owns and operates natural gas liquids storage, fractionation and transportation assets. in total, etp currently owns and operates more than 62,500 miles of natural gas and natural gas liquids pipelines. etp also owns the general partner, 100% of the incentive distribution rights, and approximately 67.1 million common units in sunoco logistics partners l.p. (nyse: sxl), which operates a geographically diverse portfolio of crude oil and refined products pipelines, terminalling and crude oil acquisition and marketing assets. etp’s general partner is owned by energy transfer equity, l.p. for more information, visit the energy transfer partners, l.p. website at www.energytransfer.com.   sunoco logistics partners l.p. (nyse: sxl) is a master limited partnership that owns and operates a logistics business consisting of a geographically diverse portfolio of complementary pipeline, terminalling, and acquisition and marketing assets which are used to facilitate the purchase and sale of crude oil, refined products, and natural gas liquids, and refined products. sxl’s general partner is a consolidated subsidiary of energy transfer partners, l.p. (nyse: etp). for more information, visit the sunoco logistics partners l.p. website at www.sunocologistics.com.   energy transfer equity, l.p. (nyse: ete) is a master limited partnership that owns the general partner and 100% of the incentive distribution rights (idrs) of energy transfer partners, l.p. (nyse: etp) and sunoco lp (nyse: sun). ete also owns approximately 2.6 million etp common units and approximately 81.0 million etp class h units, which track 90% of the underlying economics of the general partner interest and idrs of sunoco logistics partners l.p. (nyse: sxl). on a consolidated basis, ete’s family of companies owns and operates approximately 71,000 miles of natural gas, natural gas liquids, refined products, and crude oil pipelines. for more information, visit the energy transfer equity, l.p. website at www.energytransfer.com.   
transaction, valued at $12.2 billion, creates leading midwest electric utility better positioned to serve customers and meet the region’s energy needs.  great plains energy incorporated (nyse: gxp), the parent company of kcp&l, and westar energy, inc. (nyse: wr), today announced a definitive agreement for great plains energy to acquire westar in a combined cash and stock transaction with an enterprise value of approximately $12.2 billion, including total equity value of approximately $8.6 billion. upon closing, westar will become a wholly owned subsidiary of great plains energy.  once the transaction is complete, great plains energy will have more than 1.5 million customers in kansas and missouri, nearly 13,000 megawatts of generation capacity, almost 10,000 miles of transmission lines and over 51,000 miles of distribution lines. in addition, more than 45 percent of the combined utility’s retail customer demand can be met with emission-free energy.  “westar and kcp&l are trusted neighbors and have worked together for generations in kansas. the combination of our two companies is the best fit for meeting our region’s energy needs,” said terry bassham, chairman and chief executive officer of great plains energy and kcp&l. “this is an important transaction for kansas and our entire region. by combining our two companies, we are keeping ownership local and management responsive to regulators, customers and regional needs, while enhancing our ability to build long-term value for shareholders.”  currently, great plains energy and westar jointly own and operate the wolf creek nuclear generating station, as well as the la cygne and jeffrey power plants. with the addition of westar’s generation fleet, great plains energy will have a more diverse and sustainable generation portfolio. this will provide increased flexibility to mitigate the potential customer impacts from future carbon regulation. in addition, among investor-owned utilities in the united states, the combined company will have one of the largest portfolios of wind generation in the country.  “this is an important day for westar, our customers, employees, shareholders, the communities we support and for the state of kansas,” said mark ruelle, president and chief executive officer of westar. “our commitment to reliability, customer satisfaction, safety and sustainability is consistent with great plains energy’s values, which makes them our ideal partner. we’re eager to join the great plains energy team, and excited about this new chapter that combines the unique strengths of our respective organizations to form an even stronger company for our state.”  great plains energy has an established track record of successful integration with aacent electric utilities. in 2008, great plains energy completed its acquisition of aquila, an electric utility serving customers in aacent areas of missouri. that successful acquisition has delivered – and continues to deliver – significant savings for customers, which exceeded initial expectations and was reviewed and approved by both the missouri public service commission and the kansas corporation commission.  “the utility industry is facing rising customer expectations, increasing environmental standards and emerging cyber security threats. these factors, coupled with slower demand growth for electricity, are driving our costs and customer rates higher. our acquisition of westar will create operational efficiencies and future cost savings that will benefit all involved – customers, shareholders, employees and the communities we serve. these savings also will help reduce future rate increase requests,” said bassham. “combining our two companies will result in cost savings and operational benefits for our more than 900,000 kansas and 600,000 missouri customers.”  transaction terms and financing profile  under the terms of the agreement, which was unanimously approved by the boards of directors for both companies, westar shareholders will receive $60.00 per share of total consideration for each share of westar common stock, consisting of $51.00 in cash and $9.00 in great plains energy common stock, subject to a 7.5 percent collar based upon the great plains energy common stock price at the time of the closing of the transaction, with the exchange ratio for the stock consideration ranging between 0.2709 to 0.3148 shares of great plains energy common stock for each westar share of common stock, representing a consideration mix of 85 percent cash and 15 percent stock.  the transaction enterprise value is expected to be approximately $12.2 billion, inclusive of approximately $8.6 billion in total stock and cash consideration to be received by westar’s shareholders and the assumption of approximately $3.6 billion in westar’s debt. great plains energy has secured approximately $8.0 billion of committed debt financing from goldman sachs bank usa and goldman sachs lending partners llc in connection with the transaction for the full cash portion of the transaction consideration. great plains energy has also secured a $750 million mandatorily preferred convertible equity commitment from the ontario municipal employees retirement system (omers), to be funded at the closing of the transaction. great plains energy plans to issue long-term financing consisting of a combination of equity, equity-linked securities and debt prior to closing of the transaction. this financing mix will allow great plains energy to maintain its solid, investment grade credit ratings.  great plains energy expects savings generated from combining the two companies to be consistent with recent comparable transactions, and its own recent experience. great plains energy expects the acquisition will be neutral to earnings-per-share in the first full calendar year of operations and significantly accretive thereafter. the long-term earnings growth target of the combined company is expected to grow to six to eight percent—better than either company on a standalone basis.  leadership and headquarters  upon completion of the transaction, bassham will be chairman and chief executive officer of the combined company. ruelle will remain in his current role with westar until the closing of the transaction. in addition, great plains energy will add one director from the westar board of directors to the great plains energy board of directors.  “we understand the importance of westar to the communities it serves and the meaningful contributions it makes as a major employer in kansas,” said bassham. “we are committed to maintaining the operating headquarters for our kansas service territory in downtown topeka. we also know that westar has a reputation as a strong supporter of community and charitable initiatives. we will continue this legacy and are committed to maintaining a strong presence in all of the communities westar serves.”  sustainability  customers today expect their utility providers to identify and advance energy efficiency options that give them greater control and choice. the combined company will have a greater, more diverse portfolio of energy solutions that give customers the opportunities to better manage their individual energy needs. in addition, great plains energy operates the nation’s largest utility-owned electric vehicle charging network, which can be expanded to benefit westar’s customers.  regulatory approval  the companies anticipate making the required regulatory filings with the kansas corporation commission and other regulatory entities during june and july of 2016. in addition, great plains energy and westar will seek shareholder approvals later this year. the transaction is subject to approvals from the federal energy regulatory commission and the nuclear regulatory commission. the transaction also is subject to the notification, clearance and reporting requirements under the hart-scott-rodino act by the federal trade commission and the us department of justice. the companies anticipate closing in the spring of 2017. in the coming months, the companies will work together to develop a robust integration plan.  advisors  goldman, sachs & co. served as the exclusive financial advisor and bracewell llp served as legal advisor to great plains energy. guggenheim securities, llc served as the sole financial advisor and baker botts llp served as legal advisor to westar energy.  analyst conference call/webcast  great plains energy and westar will host a financial community conference call to provide additional information on tuesday, may 31, 2016, at 10:00 a.m. eastern daylight time/9:00 a.m. central daylight time to discuss the great plains energy and westar transaction.  a live audio webcast of the conference call and presentation slides will be available on the investor relations page of great plains energy’s website at www.greatplainsenergy.com. the webcast will be accessible only in a “listen-only” mode.  the conference call may be accessible by dialing (888) 353-7071 (us/canada) or (724) 498-4416 (international) five to ten minutes prior to the scheduled start time. the passcode is 23802311.  a replay and transcript of the call will be available on or before wednesday, june 1, 2016, by accessing the investor relations section of the company’s website. a telephonic replay of the conference call will also be available on or before wednesday, june 1, 2016, through june 7, 2016, by dialing (855) 859-2056 (us/canada) or (404) 537-3406 (international). the passcode is 23802311.  about great plains energy  headquartered in kansas city, mo., great plains energy incorporated (nyse: gxp) is the holding company of kansas city power & light company and kcp&l greater missouri operations company, two of the leading regulated providers of electricity in the midwest. kansas city power & light company and kcp&l greater missouri operations company use kcp&l as a brand name. more information about the companies is available on the internet at www.greatplainsenergy.com or www.kcpl.com.  about westar energy  westar energy, inc. (nyse: wr) is kansas’ largest electric utility. for more than a century, westar has provided kansans the safe, reliable electricity needed to power their homes, businesses and communities. every day, westar professionals generate and deliver electricity, protect the environment and provide excellent service to nearly 700,000 customers. westar’s 2,400 employees live, volunteer and work in the communities they serve. the company has 7,200 mw of electric generation capacity fueled by wind, coal, uranium, natural gas and landfill gas. westar also is a leader in electric transmission in kansas. for more information about westar energy, visit us at www.westarenergy.com.  forward-looking statements  statements made in this release that are not based on historical facts are forward-looking, may involve risks and uncertainties, and are intended to be as of the date when made. forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements relating to great plains energy’s proposed acquisition of westar, shareholder and regulatory approvals, the completion of the proposed transactions, benefits of the proposed transactions, and anticipated future financial measures and operating performance and results, including estimates for growth and other matters affecting future operations. in connection with the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, great plains energy and kcp&l are providing a number of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the provided forward-looking information. these important factors include: the risk that great plains energy or westar may be unable to obtain shareholder approvals for the proposed transactions or that great plains energy or westar may be unable to obtain governmental and regulatory approvals required for the proposed transactions, or that required governmental and regulatory approvals or agreements with other parties interested therein may delay the proposed transactions or may be subject to or impose adverse conditions or costs; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of the proposed transactions or could otherwise cause the failure of the proposed transactions to close; risks relating to the potential decline in the great plains energy share price resulting in an increase in the exchange ratio of great plains energy shares offered to westar shareholders in accordance with the transaction agreement and resulting in reduced value of the proposed transactions to great plains energy shareholders; the risk that a condition to the closing of the proposed transactions or the committed debt or equity financing may not be satisfied; the failure to obtain, or to obtain on favorable terms, any equity, debt or equity-linked financing necessary to complete or permanently finance the proposed transactions and the costs of such financing; the outcome of any legal proceedings, regulatory proceedings or enforcement matters that may be instituted relating to the proposed transactions; the receipt of an unsolicited offer from another party to acquire assets or capital stock of great plains energy or westar that could interfere with the proposed transactions; the timing to consummate the proposed transactions; the costs incurred to consummate the proposed transactions; the possibility that the expected value creation from the proposed transactions will not be realized, or will not be realized within the expected time period; the credit ratings of the companies following the proposed transactions; disruption from the proposed transactions making it more difficult to maintain relationships with customers, employees, regulators or suppliers; the diversion of management time and attention on the proposed transactions; future economic conditions in regional, national and international markets and their effects on sales, prices and costs; prices and availability of electricity in regional and national wholesale markets; market perception of the energy industry, great plains energy and kcp&l changes in business strategy, operations or development plans; the outcome of contract negotiations for goods and services; effects of current or proposed state and federal legislative and regulatory actions or developments, including, but not limited to, deregulation, re-regulation and restructuring of the electric utility industry; decisions of regulators regarding rates the companies can charge for electricity; adverse changes in applicable laws, regulations, rules, principles or practices governing tax, accounting and environmental matters including, but not limited to, air and water quality; financial market conditions and performance including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates and credit spreads and in availability and cost of capital, derivatives and hedges and the effects on nuclear decommissioning trust and pension plan assets and costs; impairments of long-lived assets or goodwill; credit ratings; inflation rates; effectiveness of risk management policies and procedures and the ability of counterparties to satisfy their contractual commitments; impact of terrorist acts, including but not limited to cyber terrorism; ability to carry out marketing and sales plans; weather conditions including, but not limited to, weather-related damage and their effects on sales, prices and costs; cost, availability, quality and deliverability of fuel; the inherent uncertainties in estimating the effects of weather, economic conditions and other factors on customer consumption and financial results; ability to achieve generation goals and the occurrence and duration of planned and unplanned generation outages; delays in the anticipated in-service dates and cost increases of generation, transmission, distribution or other projects; great plains energy’s ability to successfully manage transmission joint ventures or to integrate the transmission joint ventures of westar; the inherent risks associated with the ownership and operation of a nuclear facility including, but not limited to, environmental, health, safety, regulatory and financial risks; workforce risks, including, but not limited to, increased costs of retirement, health care and other benefits; and other risks and uncertainties.  this list of factors is not all-inclusive because it is not possible to predict all factors. additional risks and uncertainties will be discussed in the joint proxy statement/prospectus and other materials that great plains energy will file with the sec in connection with the proposed transactions. other risk factors are detailed from time to time in great plains energy’s and kcp&l’s quarterly reports on form 10-q and annual report on form 10-k filed with the securities and exchange commission. each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement. great plains energy and kcp&l undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
  the adt corporation agrees to be acquired by an affiliate of certain funds managed by affiliates of apollo global management, llc for $42.00 per share in an all cash transaction   transaction delivers significant value to the adt corporation stockholders and provides path for future growth of the businesses through the combination of adt and protection 1   acquisition represents premium of 56% over closing stock price   chicago, new york and boca raton, fla., feb. 16, 2016 (globe newswire) -- the adt corporation (nyse:adt) ("adt"), a leading provider of monitored security, interactive home and business automation and related monitoring services in the united states and canada, today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to be acquired by an affiliate of certain funds (the "apollo funds") managed by affiliates of apollo global management, llc (nyse:apo) (together with its consolidated subsidiaries, "apollo") and co-investors and merged with a subsidiary of prime security services borrower, llc (with its subsidiaries, "protection 1"), a leading full-service business and home security company in the united states also owned by the apollo funds, for $42.00 per share in cash. the purchase price represents a premium of approximately 56% over adt's closing share price on february 12, 2016 and, when combined with protection 1, represents an aggregate transaction value of approximately $15 billion. the headquarters of the combined company will remain in boca raton, fl, and the combined company will operate primarily under the adt brand.   "this transaction represents a highly attractive premium for adt's shareholders," said naren gursahaney, president and ceo of adt.  "we're proud to have strengthened the quality of our customer base, improved service and retention, and extended our leadership in innovative solutions such as our adt pulse platform and our new security-as-a-service offering, adt canopy. by combining protection 1 with adt, we will be better positioned to expand the breadth and depth of the services we offer to our customers throughout the united states and canada."   "the combined company will be a market leader with a powerful brand and scale resulting in an enhanced overall customer experience," said timothy j. whall, president and ceo of protection 1, who will be the ceo of the combined business following the closing of the transaction.  "in addition, protection 1's robust commercial presence will speed adt's expansion into the commercial sector supported by increasing commercial sales and technical skills across a well matched national footprint."   "we are tremendously excited by this unique opportunity to combine two premier businesses," said marc becker, senior partner at apollo. "this transaction provides the opportunity to dramatically enhance our position in the large, fragmented and growing residential and business interactive electronic monitoring industry.  pro forma for the transaction, the newly created company will generate a combined $318 million in recurring monthly revenue and total annual revenue in excess of $4.2 billion, placing the businesses in a strong position to drive innovation and to capitalize on growth opportunities in the future."   the board of directors of adt unanimously approved the transaction. the acquisition of adt is expected to be completed by june 2016. the transaction is subject to the conclusion of the applicable antitrust waiting periods in the united states and canada, adt stockholder approval and other customary closing conditions.   the merger agreement includes a "go-shop" period, during which adt and its board of directors may actively solicit, receive, evaluate and potentially enter into negotiations with parties that offer alternative proposals during a 40-day period following the execution date of the definitive agreement. there can be no assurance that this process will result in a superior proposal. adt does not intend to disclose developments about this process unless and until its board has made a decision with respect to any potential superior proposal.   the transaction, which has fully committed financing in place, will be financed primarily through the incurrence of $1.555 billion in new first lien term loans, $3.140 billion in new second lien financing, the issuance of $750 million of preferred securities to an affiliate of koch equity development llc, the investment and acquisition subsidiary of koch industries, inc., and an equity contribution of approximately $4.5 billion from funds managed by apollo and co-investors.  protection 1 will also enter into a new $255 million first lien revolving facility concurrently with the closing of the merger, bringing the total combined senior secured revolving facility to $350 million.  protection 1 further expects that its existing $1,095 million first lien term loan and $260 million second lien term loan will remain outstanding. in addition, concurrently with the closing of the merger, protection 1 intends to redeem all of adt's outstanding senior unsecured 2.250% notes due july 2017 and senior unsecured 4.125% notes due april 2019, which will be redeemed in accordance with the applicable indenture, and to repay all outstanding borrowings under adt's revolving credit facility.  finally, adt's remaining $3.750 billion of total senior unsecured notes will be guaranteed by protection 1 and all wholly owned domestic subsidiaries of the combined company and will be secured by first priority security interests in substantially all of the assets of the issuer and the guarantors.  as a result, protection 1 expects that these notes will maintain their current ratings and remain outstanding.   financing is being provided by barclays, citigroup global markets inc., deutsche bank and royal bank of canada.  psp investments credit usa llc is also a committed lender under this debt financing.  goldman, sachs is serving as lead financial advisor to adt and bofa merrill lynch is also serving as financial advisor to adt.  barclays, citigroup global markets inc., deutsche bank, and rbc capital markets, llc are serving as financial advisors to protection 1. simpson thacher & bartlett llp is acting as legal advisor to adt. paul, weiss, rifkind, wharton & garrison llp is acting as legal advisor to protection 1 and apollo.   about adt   the adt corporation (nyse:adt) is a leading provider of security and automation solutions for homes and businesses in the united states and canada. adt's broad and pioneering set of products and services, including adt pulse(r) interactive home and business solutions, and health services, meet a range of customer needs for today's active and increasingly mobile lifestyles. headquartered in boca raton, florida, adt helps provide peace of mind to over 6.5 million customers and employs approximately 17,000 people at 200 locations. more information is available at www.adt.com.   about apollo   apollo is a leading global alternative investment manager with offices in new york, los angeles, houston, chicago, bethesda, toronto, london, frankfurt, madrid, luxembourg, mumbai, delhi, singapore, hong kong and shanghai. apollo had assets under management of approximately $170 billion as of december 31, 2015 in private equity, credit and real estate funds invested across a core group of nine industries where apollo has considerable knowledge and resources. for more information about apollo, visit www.agm.com.   about protection 1   protection 1 was acquired by prime security services borrower, llc in mid-2015 as the flagship for apollo's entrance into the alarm monitoring services industry, with a simultaneous acquisition of asg security, which has been effectively integrated into protection 1. protection 1 is a premier full-service business and home security company in the us that provides installation, maintenance, and monitoring of single-family home security systems, business security systems and multi-family security systems. protection 1 serves over 2 million customers and employs over 4,000 people in more than 90 office locations and five ul certified monitoring centers across the country.  for more information about protection 1, visit www.p1newsroom.com.
equity reit with $58 billion of assets under management across different geographies and property types   greater potential to enhance shareholder returns through overlay of investment management economics across a larger balance sheet   northstar asset management group inc. (nyse: nsam), colony capital, inc. (“colony”) (nyse: clny) and northstar realty finance corp. (nyse: nrf) today announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement under which the companies will combine in an all-stock merger of equals transaction to create a world-class, internally-managed, diversified real estate and investment management platform. the transaction has been unanimously approved by the special committees of nsam and nrf, and the board of directors of colony. the combined company will be named “colony northstar, inc.”   upon completion of the transaction, terms of which are detailed below, nsam shareholders will own approximately 32.85%, colony shareholders will own approximately 33.25% and nrf shareholders will own approximately 33.90% of the combined company on a fully diluted basis. nsam shareholders will also receive, in addition to its regular quarterly dividend, a special cash dividend equal to $128 million, which represents a one-time distribution of excess nsam taxable earnings and profits.   upon closing of the transaction, thomas j. barrack jr. will be executive chairman of the board of directors of colony northstar, david hamamoto will be executive vice chairman, and richard b. saltzman will be chief executive officer.   david hamamoto, executive chairman of nsam and chairman of nrf, stated, “we are incredibly excited to merge with colony to create a global real estate leader well positioned for long-term growth. this strategic combination is the next logical step for nsam and nrf, creating substantial value for shareholders and transforming the companies into a world-class, internally-managed equity reit that includes a sizable, established institutional and retail asset management platform. we are confident that colony northstar with its lower leverage, larger balance sheet and improved liquidity profile is poised for meaningful multiple expansion and substantially enhanced long-term returns for shareholders.”   thomas j. barrack, jr., executive chairman of colony, stated, “this is an amazing combination of three highly compatible companies with complementary strategic priorities that we expect will deliver substantial value for all three sets of shareholders. the combined company will have both the capability and balance sheet capacity to deploy capital to establish and fortify foundational equity real estate positions through all points in the cycle, across geographies, asset types and capital structures. we also will realize substantial efficiencies and synergies by bringing our organizations together and offering a well curated menu of durable real estate business lines with broad-based capital access.”   “the pro forma combined enterprise’s enhanced scale, diversification, and unique platforms will foster the ability to generate substantial return on equity through high quality real estate investments enhanced by attractive investment management revenues,” said richard b. saltzman, chief executive officer and president of colony. “in addition, the merger produces an outstanding partnership of complementary management talent with access to enormous capital and distribution resources for the benefit of our shareholders.”   transaction delivers a number of strategic and financial benefits   creates world-class real estate and investment management platform: global, diversified equity reit with $58 billion of assets under management, led by a seasoned management team with access to proprietary deal sourcing and a significant track record as a global investor, operator and asset manager.  larger, more diversified and stable investment portfolio: well-diversified portfolio of investments with concentration in scaled verticals across geographies, property types and capital stack positions, consisting primarily of owned real estate.  significant cost savings: approximately $115 million in total annual cost synergies, consisting of approximately $80 million of cash savings and approximately $35 million of stock based compensation savings, expected to be realized post-closing.  stronger balance sheet, ongoing deleveraging and improved liquidity: asset monetization and sale initiatives by nrf, totaling approximately $1.5 billion in projected net proceeds, are expected to bring the total debt-to-capitalization ratio of the combined company under 50%, while continuing with an objective of upgrading the credit profile of the combined company and lowering the overall cost of capital.  increased scale and value creation: colony northstar is expected to be in the top quartile ranked by equity market capitalization, according to the msci us reit index (rmz) classification, with a broad platform that expands its ability to deploy third-party fee-bearing capital to accelerate growth and provide enhanced returns to shareholders from consistent, longer duration fee related income.  widens access to multiple sources of capital: unmatched access to global investors targeting real estate investment through public vehicles, private institutional and retail capital platforms.  transaction structure   under the terms of the merger agreement, nsam will redomesticate to maryland and elect to be treated as an reit beginning in 2017, and nrf and colony, through a series of transactions, will merge with and into the redomesticated nsam, which will be renamed colony northstar, inc. nsam shareholders will continue to own one (1) share of colony northstar common stock for each share of nsam common stock they previously owned. colony common shareholders will receive 1.4663 shares of colony northstar’s common stock for each share of colony common stock they own, and nrf common shareholders will receive 1.0996 shares of colony northstar’s common stock for each share of nrf common stock they own. each of colony and nrf has preferred stock outstanding and the holders of such preferred stock will receive shares of preferred stock of colony northstar that are substantially similar to the preferred stock held prior to the closing of the transaction.   certain nsam and nrf executives have entered into agreements to vote their shares in favor of the transaction, and certain colony executives, who collectively own approximately 16% of colony’s outstanding common stock, have entered into agreements to vote their shares in favor of the transaction.   management and governance   colony northstar’s board will consist of 13 directors in total – six nominated by nsam and nrf, six nominated by colony and one additional board member to be mutually agreed upon by the existing nsam, colony and nrf directors. the majority of the board will be comprised of independent directors. in addition to the roles outlined above for messrs. barrack, hamamoto and saltzman, darren tangen will be chief financial officer and mark hedstrom will be chief operating officer of the combined company. al tylis, nsam’s chief executive officer and a member of the nsam and nrf board of directors, has agreed to assist in the transition following the merger. dan gilbert, nsam and nrf's chief investment and operating officer will, among other responsibilities, continue to oversee colony northstar’s retail platform.   messrs. hamamoto, tylis and gilbert have agreed to reduce the cash severance payments and performance-based equity awards that would have been contractually owed to them upon consummation of the transaction by approximately (i) $52 million of cash payments and (ii) 2.6 million shares of performance-based equity awards which would have been earned based on current stock prices at the consummation of the transaction. additionally, messrs. hamamoto, tylis and gilbert will forfeit performance-based awards with respect to approximately 1.2 million shares of nsam common stock and 740,000 shares of nrf common stock as a result of the transaction. furthermore, in lieu of any remaining cash severance payments resulting from the transaction that these executives would have been entitled to receive, messrs. hamamoto, tylis and gilbert will receive equity in colony northstar, which will be subject to vesting based on continued employment with colony northstar for one-year following the closing of the transaction, and with respect to messrs. hamamoto and gilbert, will be subject to a two-year lock-up following the closing of the transaction. the number of such shares, in lieu of the remaining $106 million cash severance payments, will be determined based on the five day volume weighted average trading price of the shares of common stock of colony northstar following the merger. based on the june 2, 2016 closing price of nsam, this would equate to approximately 8.6 million shares, or approximately 1.4%, of colony northstar common stock, subject to the restrictions referred to above. similarly, the number of remaining performance-based equity awards contractually owed to each of messrs. hamamoto, tylis and gilbert upon consummation of the transaction is approximately 2.5 million shares, or approximately 0.4%, of colony northstar common stock. additionally, messrs. hamamoto, tylis and gilbert have each agreed to a base salary of $1 for 2017 and have also agreed to forego a 2017 bonus.   approvals and anticipated closing   the transaction is expected to close during the first quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals, and approval by the nsam, colony and nrf shareholders.   advisors   nsam is being advised by goldman sachs and is receiving legal counsel from sullivan & cromwell llp, compensation and benefits counsel from goodwin procter llp and tax counsel from skadden, arps, slate, meagher & flom llp and hunton & williams llp. nsam’s special committee is being advised by evercore and is receiving legal counsel from fried, frank, harris, shriver & jacobson llp and morris, nichols, arsht & tunnell llp.   bofa merrill lynch is acting as lead financial advisor to colony, and barclays, credit suisse, deutsche bank, jp morgan and morgan stanley are also acting as financial advisors in connection with the transaction. willkie farr & gallagher llp is acting as legal counsel to colony, and hogan lovells llp is acting as tax and maryland counsel to colony. vinson & elkins llp is acting as legal and tax counsel to nrf.   ubs investment bank is acting as exclusive financial advisor and venable llp is acting as legal counsel to nrf's special committee.   
     salesforce.com inc. said it won't pursue a bid for twitter inc., ending weeks of speculation and sending shares of the social-media company down 6.4%.      salesforce chief executive marc benioff in recent weeks had signaled his interest in twitter to investors. at a company conference last week, he called twitter an " unpolished jewel."      but salesforce investors reacted negatively to the idea, sending salesforce shares down almost 6% on oct. 5.      the stock move, and other feedback from investors, seemed to trigger second thoughts at salesforce about the wisdom of a bid.      the financial times reported earlier friday that salesforce was no longer interested in twitter. "it wasn't the right fit for us," the paper quoted mr. benioff as saying.      a salesforce spokeswoman confirmed that the company wouldn't make a bid for twitter. salesforce shares rose 6.2% following the news.      a twitter spokeswoman declined to comment.      salesforce.com maintains a long-term list of potential acquisition targets that it evaluates regularly, said keith block, vice chairman, president and chief operating officer in an oct. 3 interview with the wall street journal. occasionally, though, the company finds a unique opportunity where salesforce will see a fit but others may not, he said.      "marc has a track record of pretty good success and he has a vision that sometimes other people don't see," he said. 
     newspaper company gannett co. has dropped its bid to buy chicago tribune and los angeles times publisher tronc inc., ending a monthslong pursuit of its rival.      in a one-line statement tuesday, gannett said it had been engaged in discussions with tronc but determined not to pursue the transaction any longer.      gannett's stock rose 9.4% to $8.50 premarket as tronc fell 29% to $8.51, well below gannett's initial takeover offer of $12.25 a share in cash, which had since been boosted.      the news that a deal is off comes after the wall street journal reported in august that gannett had privately sweetened its bid for tronc, which in may rejected a boosted $15 a share offer. gannett first made a bid for tronc in april, when it was then called tribune publishing.      a transaction would have been the latest amid a flurry of newspaper deals. gannett has been seeking to build scale in a newspaper industry suffering from steep declines in advertising revenue. a combined company would have joined titles such as gannett's usa today with the chicago tribune and los angeles times.
valeant pharmaceuticals international inc.'s talks to sell a stomach-drug business to japan's takeda pharmaceutical co. for roughly $10 billion have broken down amid last-minute disagreements over price and other matters, according to people familiar with the matter.      though the talks could still be revived, valeant is now focused on building the business, salix pharmaceuticals, rather than selling it, the people said.      the development represents another setback for a company that's been plagued by an accounting scandal, the departure of its top executives and a plummeting share price. as of tuesday's close, valeant shares had fallen 80% in the past year.      valeant is now moving ahead with plans to build the sales force for salix's crown jewel, the xifaxan irritable-bowel drug. valeant announced the "significant" expansion in a news release tuesday.
increases focus on photonic integration solutions for high speed 100g and beyond networks  company updates business outlook for fourth quarter of 2016   neophotonics (nyse: nptn) (“neophotonics” or the “company”), a leading designer and manufacturer of advanced hybrid photonic integrated optoelectronic modules and subsystems for bandwidth-intensive, high-speed communications networks, today announced that it executed a definitive agreement, to sell its access and low speed transceiver product lines (the “low speed business”) to apat optoelectronics components co., ltd. (“apat oe”) of shenzhen, china, a designer and manufacturer of optical sub-assemblies for telecom and datacom markets.   the assets to be sold include the intellectual property, inventory and fixed assets for neophotonics’ pon products including gpon and gepon transceiver products at up to 10g data rates, plus 10g and below telecom, bidirectional and specialty transceiver products.   the transaction is valued at approximately $26.4 million, inclusive of post-closing payments under a transition services agreement. the transaction value consists of an equivalent of $25.0 million purchase price plus an additional equivalent of $1.4 million to be paid as certain transition services are delivered. the consideration consists of not less than the equivalent of $23.0 million to be paid in cash in china renminbi at close and not more than $2.0 million in a us dollar denominated promissory note. in addition, the purchaser will assume outstanding supply chain purchase commitments and will be responsible for payment of value-added tax obligations. the purchase price is subject to austment after closing for inventory austments and by up to $10 million in the event of potential claims under transaction warranty commitments of neophotonics. the transaction is subject to customary closing conditions and is expected to close in january 2017. the purchaser is further subject to a $1.0 million breakup fee to be held in escrow, which will be applied to the purchase price upon closing or forfeited if the transaction does not close due to certain reasons attributable to the purchaser.   the secured promissory note of up to $2.0 million is for an initial term of six months with an initial interest rate of 6.0% per annum. the note is renewable at six month intervals with an increase in the interest rate by an additional 4% per annum. the note will be secured by inventory and certain fixed assets being purchased in the transaction.   in 2015, and for the first 9 months of 2016, the low speed business generated $92.8 million and $50.7 million in revenue, respectively, and gross profit of $16.7 million and $9.7 million, respectively. net assets for the business were approximately $18.0 million as of september 30, 2016.   commenting on the transaction, tim jenks, neophotonics chief executive officer, stated, “after a comprehensive evaluation of the alternatives available for the low speed business, we believe this transaction will best benefit our shareholders, customers, and employees. this transaction underscores our objective to focus our efforts on growing high speed optical networking products and solutions based on our advanced hybrid photonic integration technology platform to meet customer demand.” jenks continued, “we believe the low speed business will benefit from apat oe's expertise in access and pon products while continuing to provide quality products, support and services to customers.”   “we are excited to have the neophotonics low speed product team join apat, and look forward to having more products to sell to our largest customers as well as the opportunity this transaction creates for us to gain many new customers,” commented rex gu, founder and ceo of apat oe.   raymond james & associates, inc. served as the exclusive financial advisor to neophotonics for the transaction. proskauer, rose served as legal counsel to neophotonics.   updated outlook for the fourth quarter of 2016   neophotonics also announced an updated outlook for the fourth quarter ending december 31, 2016, given recent developments. demand in the fourth quarter continues to exceed the company’s capacity to supply high speed products while production capacities continue to increase. as new capacity has been brought on line, production yields at one of its fab facilities have been lower than anticipated, resulting in delayed shipments and higher manufacturing costs during the quarter versus previous projections.   taking this factor into account, the company now expects its fourth quarter outlook to be as follows:            gaap        non-gaap   4q’16 revenue        $105 million to $109 million   gross margin        27% to 30%        28% to 31%   operating expenses        $30 to $32 million        $27 to $29 million   earnings per share        $(0.08) to $0.00        $0.03 to $0.11    the non-gaap outlook for the fourth quarter of 2016 excludes the impact of expected amortization of intangibles of approximately $1.1 million and the anticipated impact of stock-based compensation of approximately $4.4 million, of which $1.4 million is estimated for cost of goods sold, which are unchanged from previous projections.   in the company’s previously communicated outlook view, the company anticipated that the low speed business would produce revenues of approximately $10 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 and range from $40 to $45 million in revenue in 2017. the comparable annual revenue for the low speed business in 2016 is expected to be approximately $61 million. upon divesting the low speed business, the company’s revenue growth rate for the continuing business is expected to be higher as a result. the company’s business is seasonal on an annual cycle; the company’s normalized first quarter revenue over the last several years has typically been 20 to 22% of the year in the first quarter, and then increasing throughout the remainder of the year.   non-gaap and austed ebitda measures vs. gaap financial measures   the company’s non-gaap measures exclude certain gaap financial measures. these non-gaap financial measures differ from gaap measures with the same captions and may differ from non-gaap financial measures with the same or similar captions that are used by other companies. as such, these non-gaap measures should be considered as a supplement to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with gaap. the company uses these non-gaap financial measures to analyze its operating performance and future prospects, develop internal budgets and financial goals, and to facilitate period-to-period comparisons. neophotonics believes that these non-gaap financial measures reflect an additional way of viewing aspects of its operations that, when viewed with its gaap results, provide a more complete understanding of factors and trends affecting its business.   conference call   the company will host a conference call today, december 19, 2016, at 5:00 p.m. eastern standard time (2:00 p.m. pacific standard time). president and chief executive officer, tim jenks, and chief financial officer, ray wallin, will discuss the transaction and respond to questions. the call will be available, live, to interested parties by dialing 888-857-6930. for international callers, please dial +1 719-457-2604. the conference id number is 9032184. a live webcast will also be available in the investors relations section of neophotonics’ website at: www.neophotonics.com.   about neophotonics corporation   neophotonics is a designer and manufacturer of advanced hybrid photonic integrated optoelectronic modules and subsystems for bandwidth-intensive, high-speed communications networks. the company's products enable cost-effective, high-speed data transmission and efficient allocation of bandwidth over communications networks. neophotonics maintains headquarters in san jose, california and iso 9001:2000 certified engineering and manufacturing facilities in silicon valley (usa), japan and china. for additional information visit www.neophotonics.com.   about the low speed business   neophotonics’ low speed businesses design, manufacture and sell a portfolio of optical communication transceiver products, including pon, or passive optical network, transceivers as well as optical transceivers used in telecom client, access and enterprise network applications.   about apat optoelectronic components company, ltd.   apat optoelectronics components company, ltd is a leading designer, developer and global supplier of optical devices primarily in the ftth market. with a focus on automation and process innovation, apat oe has achieved a reputation for high quality and is the supplier of choice for many large telecom equipment companies. apat oe is based in shenzhen, china, a center for technology innovations and is benefited from the closeness to its key customers and an abundance of engineering talents. for more information, visit apat oe’s website: www.apatoe.com.   apat, apat optoelectronic, and the apat logo are trademarks of apat oe.   © 2016 neophotonics corporation. all rights reserved. neophotonics and the red dot logo are trademarks of neophotonics corporation. all other marks are the property of their respective owners.   
icahn enterprises l.p. announces definitive agreement to sell american railcar leasing llc   new york, dec. 19, 2016 (globe newswire) -- icahn enterprises l.p. (nasdaq:iep) today announced entrance into a definitive agreement to sell its indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary american railcar leasing llc ("arl") to smbc rail services llc ("smbc rail"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of sumitomo mitsui banking corporation, for cash based on (i) an enterprise value of $2.778 billion (subject to certain austments) and (ii) a fleet of approximately 29,000 railcars. the initial closing is expected to occur in the second quarter of 2017. for a period of three years thereafter, upon satisfaction of certain conditions, the sellers will have an option to sell, and smbc rail will have an option to buy, approximately 4,800 additional railcars. if the conditions to the option are satisfied, the purchase price for the approximately 4,800 additional railcars would be approximately $586 million at the time of the initial closing, which would bring the total sale price to $3.364 billion (subject to certain austments).   the sale is subject to customary closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of applicable waiting periods under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act.  neither the sale nor the option are subject to any financing condition.   carl c. icahn, chairman of icahn enterprises, stated: "i have been in the railcar business for over 30 years. during that time we have built one of the leading railcar fleets in the world.  in fact, if lined up, arl's fleet would stretch from new york city to the middle of ohio.  i am very proud of the business we have built at arl and am pleased that smbc rail services also sees the tremendous value in this business. this transaction is a good example of how icahn enterprises delivers substantial returns for our equity holders."   deutsche bank securities inc. is acting as exclusive financial advisor and thompson hine llp is acting as legal counsel for american railcar leasing llc in connection with the sale.   icahn enterprises l.p. (nasdaq:iep), a master limited partnership, is a diversified holding company engaged in ten primary business segments: investment, automotive, energy, metals, railcar, gaming, mining, food packaging, real estate and home fashion.
new york and houston, dec. 22, 2016 /prnewswire/ -- dipexium pharmaceuticals, inc. (nasdaq: dprx) and plx pharma inc. (plx pharma), a privately held late-stage specialty pharmaceutical company, announced today that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which plx pharma will merge with a wholly-owned subsidiary of dipexium in an all-stock transaction.  following closing, dipexium will be renamed plx pharma inc., and will operate under the leadership of the plx management team with michael valentino serving as executive chairman of the company's board of directors and natasha giordano serving as president and chief executive officer.   the combined company will initially be focused on completion of manufacturing scale-up and label finalization for the previously conditionally approved aspertectm 325 mg aspirin dosage form thereby satisfying the open conditional items, and filing of a supplemental new drug application (snda) for aspertec 81 mg maintenance dose form.  aspertec is being developed to provide high-risk cardiovascular and neurology patients with more reliable and predictable antiplatelet efficacy as compared to enteric coated aspirin while also reducing the adverse gastric events common in an acute setting.   natasha giordano, president and chief executive officer of plx pharma, said, "this merger will provide plx pharma with the initial resources necessary to advance our contemplated development efforts for aspertec and begin the critical pre-commercialization activities necessary to prepare the market for this important cardiovascular product."  plx stockholders will receive newly issued shares of common stock of dipexium in connection with the merger contemplated by the merger agreement.  dipexium will issue approximately 36 million new shares of its common stock to plx stockholders under the exchange ratio formula defined in the merger agreement.  upon the closing of the merger, existing plx stockholders are expected to own 76.75% of dipexium common shares outstanding and existing dipexium stockholders are expected to own 23.25% of dipexium common shares outstanding.  the exchange ratio is defined in the merger agreement and is subject to potential austment.  "this transaction with plx pharma reflects the continued commitment of dipexium's board of directors and management team to deliver value to dipexium stockholders," said david luci, president and chief executive officer of dipexium.  "the merger brings with it the plx pharma management team, comprised of highly accomplished and seasoned executives who have launched and successfully commercialized many market leading over-the-counter products, among them mike valentino as executive chairman of plx pharma, who previously launched multiple major rx-to-otc switches including benadryl, motrin jr., rogaine extra strength, lamisil, nasalcrom, voltaren,  and most recently, as ceo of adams respiratory therapeutics, inc., mucinex®."  the boards of directors of both dipexium and plx pharma have unanimously approved the proposed transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by the stockholders of each of dipexium and plx pharma.  the merger is expected to close during the second quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions.  raymond james & associates is acting as financial advisor to dipexium and mintz, levin, cohn, ferris, glovsky and popeo, p.c. is serving as its legal counsel. janney montgomery scott llc is acting as financial advisor to plx and jackson walker llp is acting as its legal counsel.  about dipexium  dipexium pharmaceuticals, inc. (nasdaq: dprx) is a late-stage pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of locilex (pexiganan cream 0.8%), a novel, broad-spectrum, topical antibiotic peptide, which recently announced that locilex failed to meet the primary and secondary endpoints in its onestep-1 and onestep-2 phase3 clinical trials.  for more information, please visit www.dipexiumpharmaceuticals.com.  about plx  plx pharma inc. is a late-stage specialty pharmaceutical company initially focused on developing its clinically validated and patent-protected plxguard™ delivery system to provide safer and more effective aspirin products. the plxguard™ delivery system works by targeting delivery of active pharmaceutical ingredients (api) to various portions of the gi tract.  plx believes this has the potential to improve the absorption of many drugs currently on the market or in development, and to reduce acute gastrointestinal (gi) side effects—including erosions, ulcers and bleeding—associated with aspirin and ibuprofen, and potentially other drugs. to learn more about plx and its pipeline, please visit www.plxpharma.com.  additional information will be filed with the sec  this communication does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities of dipexium or plx or the solicitation of any vote or approval. in connection with the proposed transaction, dipexium will file with the sec a registration statement on form s-4 containing a joint proxy statement/prospectus. the joint proxy statement/prospectus will contain important information about dipexium, plx, the transaction and related matters. dipexium and plx will mail or otherwise deliver the joint proxy statement/prospectus to their respective stockholders when it becomes available. investors and security holders of dipexium and plx are urged to read carefully the joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to the merger (including any amendments or supplements thereto) in its entirety when it is available, because it will contain important information about the proposed transaction.  investors and security holders of dipexium will be able to obtain free copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus for the proposed merger (when it is available) and other documents filed with the sec by dipexium through the website maintained by the sec at www.sec.gov. in addition, investors and security holders of dipexium will be able to obtain free copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus for the proposed merger (when it is available) by contacting dipexium attn: david luci, davidluci@dipexium.com. investors and security holders of plx will be able to obtain free copies of the joint proxy statement/prospectus for the merger by contacting plx, attn: natasha giordano, ngiordano@plxpharma.com.  dipexium and plx, and their respective directors and certain of their executive officers, may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the transactions contemplated by the agreement between dipexium and plx. information regarding dipexium's directors and executive officers is contained in dipexium's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2015, which was filed with the sec on march 22, 2016, and will also be available in the joint proxy statement/prospectus that will be filed by dipexium with the sec in connection with the proposed transaction. information regarding plx's directors and officers and a more complete description of the interests of plx's directors and officers in the proposed transaction will be available in the joint proxy statement/prospectus that will be filed by dipexium with the sec in connection with the proposed transaction.
transaction to create nasdaq-listed pharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of ear, nose, and throat (ent) products  gregory j. flesher to be named president and chief executive officer of the combined company  tokai pharmaceuticals inc. (nasdaq:tkai) and otic pharma ltd., a privately-held, clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focusing on the development and commercialization of products for disorders of the ear, nose, and throat (ent), today announced that the two companies, together with the shareholders of otic pharma, have entered into a definitive share purchase agreement under which the shareholders of otic pharma will become the majority owners of tokai.  the transaction will result in a nasdaq-listed company focused on the development and commercialization of products for ent disorders, including otic pharma’s lead candidate which is a nasally-administered, combination drug product (op-02) intended to address the underlying cause of otitis media and eustachian tube dysfunction (om/etd), a condition that affects more than 700 million people around the world every year. the company will operate under the name oticpharma, inc., and will be led by gregory j. flesher, current chief executive office of otic pharma ltd. current president and chief executive officer of tokai, jodie morrison, will remain as a member of the board of directors.  “over the last several months, tokai has conducted an extensive review of strategic alternatives aimed at maximizing value for our shareholders over the long-term,” said jodie morrison, president and ceo of tokai pharmaceuticals. “we believe the proposed transaction with otic pharma, a company that has both a promising pipeline and an experienced leadership team with a track record of creating significant shareholder value in public pharmaceutical companies, advances this goal.”  “our lead program in otitis media, op-02, has significant potential,” said gregory j. flesher, chief executive officer of otic pharma. “op-02 is an investigational drug product designed to break the cycle of recurrent and chronic otitis media which affect millions of people around the world. we expect to have phase1 clinical pharmacodynamic data in the first half of 2017 and, with this transaction, to have the capital needed to be able to move directly into phase2 development to explore the product’s ability to prevent otitis media in children.”  share purchase agreement details  under the terms of the agreement, the shareholders of otic pharma will receive a total of 32,172,209 shares of newly issued tokai common stock, while outstanding otic pharma options and convertible securities will be assumed by tokai. upon the exchange, it is expected that existing tokai stockholders will own approximately 40% of the combined company, with existing otic pharma shareholders owning approximately 60%. the transaction has been unanimously approved by the boards of directors of both companies and shareholders of otic pharma. tokai’s largest stockholder, apple tree partners, who holds approximately 35% of tokai’s common stock has entered into an agreement in support of the proposed transaction. the transaction is expected to close during the first quarter of 2017, subject to customary closing conditions, including approval by shareholders of tokai.  wedbush pacgrow advised tokai pharmaceuticals and piper jaffray & co. advised otic pharma in the proposed transaction. wilmer cutler pickering hale and dorr llp and gross, kleinhendler, hodak, halevy, greenberg & co. served as legal counsel to tokai and gibson, dunn & crutcher llp and yigal arnon & co. served as legal counsel to otic pharma.  management and organization  upon the close of the proposed transaction, the board of directors of the combined company will consist of seven members, three to be designated by tokai and four to be designated by otic pharma. officers of the new company will be gregory j. flesher, president and chief executive officer; christine g. ocampo, chief financial and compliance officer; and dr. catherine c. turkel, chief development officer.  additional funding  an otic pharma investor syndicate, including current shareholders and members of the management team, has committed to invest $7 million of additional capital in connection with the share purchase agreement.  conference call information  tokai and otic pharma will host a conference call in early january to discuss the proposed transaction. call in information will be provided in a future press release.  about otic pharma  otic pharma is a clinical-stage pharmaceutical company focusing on the development and commercialization of products for disorders of the ear, nose, and throat (ent). the company has two platform technologies, each of which has the potential to be developed for multiple ent indications. the company is currently developing a nasally-administered, combination drug product (op-02) intended to address the underlying cause of otitis media and eustachian tube dysfunction (om/etd), a condition that affects more than 700 million people around the world every year. otitis media is one of the most common disease seen in pediatric practice and the most frequent reason children consume antibiotics or undergo surgery. the company also has a foam-based drug delivery technology platform (op-01) that can be used to deliver drugs into the ear, nose, and sinus cavities. the company is currently developing op-01 as an improved treatment option for acute otitis externa (“swimmers ear”). for more information on the company, please visit www.oticpharma.com.  about tokai pharmaceuticals  tokai pharmaceuticals is a biopharmaceutical company previously focused on developing and commercializing innovative therapies for prostate cancer and other hormonally driven diseases. the armor2 and armor3-sv clinical trials of tokai’s drug candidate, galeterone, for the treatment of metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mcrpc) have been closed, with only patients in armor2 long-term extension continuing treatment at this time. plans remain in effect to present data from the armor3-sv trial in a scientific forum once fully available and analyzed. assessment of plans for galeterone, the arda platform and tokai’s ar-v7 assay work are underway at this time.
